i have seen better days
same
the sopranos was really good tv .
pretty sure she 's going to kick me in the balls so this can never happens again :grinning_face_with_sweat:
can you quack can you quack like duck when you suck can you buck like a horse when we fuck can you take every inch up your butt can you shit on my chest for good luck
until dawn and it 's sequels for sure . i would n't have the patience to watch through long winded exposition and scenes if i were playing , but they do make good streams .
they do be like that .
this bot can show emotions ! ? they are evolving .
either it 's shape or add a little girth . shit makes me self conscious when it looks like a leaning fucking pencil
f
its important given i am in a relationship right now . is my happiness based on it ? no . i 'm going to be happy in or outside of a relationship .
i do n't like to watch other people do stuff , that i myself do n't like to do .
spit in my mouth
he 's new in town so he asks me where the good place to get a haircut is or if he could join the gym i go to or if he could go to my hometown with me etc ... he has a guy friend who is also a friend of mins that gets haircut here and goes to the same gym . i 've been cold with him and telling him to ask the other friend if he has questions because the other friend knows better but he keeps asking me so many questions .
the ultimate grower
it 's nice and all but it 's not crazy hard to do . an 1800sqft house could mean it 's just an average $ 300k house or maybe only a $ 150k house . four cars could mean a total market value of only $ 60k . tow dogs two kids , it means he 's busy as hell and highly responsible , but there 's people in poverty with that same level of responsibility too . this guy basically achieved the american dream . it 's great and all but it 's something to be super impressed about . i feel bad saying that though because i do n't want to take away from his accomplishment but i do want to point out that the sky is the limit .
tongue punch my fart box
you 're unlikely to find a woman that does n't , best get used to it .
anything to do with poo or vomit . it 's all good and all sexy until you smell shit or chuck
" do n't even think about putting your finger up there "
rejected like online ? 10k + irl ? 5 times . serious relationships ? 0
" kiss her ... kiss her good " ( it 's a quote )
bonfire .
this is why i love reading other people 's stories . i know i do n't know everything . seeing other people 's perspective really helps .
tell her that it 's not that painful , being kicked in the balls hurts more ... joking aside just about keeping her calm , the smell of lavender helps people relax so it might help .
theres some report that anti-circumcision people circulate saying it contains a lot of nerve endings , but pretty much every first hand response i 've read from men who were circumcised in adulthood has said there 's little to no difference in sensation
i had to scroll way to far for this
did n't take en passant ?
so classic ! did you know tom clancy actually preferred alec baldwin to play the role of jack ryan ? alex just could n't come to terms or did n't want to continue the role , so they “ settled ” with harrison ford for patriot games and clear and present danger . i think they 're both great actors , but for nostalgia sake , i prefer ford since he was also indiana jones and han solo . basically the classic hero when i was a kid .
lots of parents do it based on their own hangups . i 've posted about it here before .
yes but its because this is just annoying to me in general tbh
daammmmnnn literally had a nrb reading this comment and this shit fucking worked
i get bored after 10 minutes .
when a girl starts talking about her ex negatively , i start asking about the ex . i want to know specifically what that man has done to warrant him coming up on a second / third date . a lot of those conversations end up in me saying " oh well if you hated that guy , you 'll probably hate me more " .
like collecting coins
jus like compliment her body , save it or do n't lol idk either
1 ) treat your brain like a muscle and try not to think so much 2 ) go running 3 ) talk to anyone you can in anyway you can ( make an effort to build connections ) skype , phone calls etc . 4 ) spend time around people even things such as going to the store and being in a positive environment are helpful
marry and get yourself some kids . never alone and no time for your problems anymore . they all just keep eating you from the inside while you be the provider and under appreciated . you 're welcome .
did you block her or get a restraining order ?
never
depends on your definition of rejected
" i 'm flattered that you 're attracted to me and all , but you 're just not my type . " after that , feel free to get meaner .
fuck me like one of your dark souls characters . me : am i restricted to my characters , npcs or bosses ? enemies ? pick one please .
well i have one freind with whom i can share anything and that helps a lot .
what does this person talk about that is boring and annoying ?
it 's like watching a beautiful sunrise ... you see it , appreciate it , then delete it and carry on lol
i think its easier to just disengage with those people . most people do n't take direct uninvited criticism well . you are actually probably included in that .
hard core logo , parasite , trainspotting 1 and 2
the weirdest time i 've ever seen a nude of a friends partner was when my buddy 's wife had him send me one because she wanted an unbiased opinion and was having issues with self confidence . he was perfectly fine with it and my opinion helped her through her funk so all around win in my book lol .
you got me
have n't killed myself yet . keeping up the streak for a while now , hoping to continue for a while .
me lol
anyone who says something like that is spineless .
clingy girls hate him !
the washington machines
" the panties your mother laid out for you "
it 's definitely real , but it 's absolutely fine if it 's not your thing !
> fuck me like your brother that moment when she knows you fuck your own brother .
no , grandpa .
what did the manager say or do ?
f
being able to control and curl it like a finger or one of those borescope light things
i once said to the girl that i was sleeping with that i like the smell.of her breath . til this day i have no clue if it were cringe or weird .. lol
yeah comparing yourself to others is fucking horrible . there are people living lives a million times better than me with less effort and it makes me want to die
the little " break time " after an orgasm where you can't get another one / can't stay hard .
why does google say 177 when i write 5 ' 1 in cm ..
idk if i should be proud of this . go to a bar , wer a few napkins and walk up to a slutty looking girl and ask her if it smells like chloroform . i also pulled off hey girl are you a school , because i want to shoot some kids inside of you . i do n't have the best relationships lol .
your submission was removed by a computer . this could be for a number of reasons , most of which are summarized in the rules text on the right . in most of these cases , the computer is right , and we will not overturn its decision . if you have re-read your question and still think this is a failure of the automated filter , message us with an actual reason as to why the computer is wrong . if you just say that you think the computer is wrong without any reasoning , we will ignore you . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
yes , i once did and then i had realized that it has not been a healthy relationship . if someone has to constantly worry about the so being participating in infidelity then i believe that it should not be welcomed .
at least she finished . god bless her . lol
not even close lol it 's 154 - ish .
vampires , they are evolving .
« poke my back end ( note : the back end of her vagina ) , i 'm not your mother » i tried my best to translate the french classic « tape moi dans l'fond j'suis pas ta mère » but maybe someone has a better translation
the washington warriors ! ! !
girls who are similar to guys who cheat . there is n't a type and trying to work out who will or wo n't will end up with you never trusting anyone . take each person as they come , you 're as likely to cheat as they are .
drag that bitch
i feel bad for the guy too that he has to go through this every night . it sounds like a living nightmare that he has constantly keep this up ..
but ... that 's the best time !
r / cursedcomments
the dirty diapers or the face of pure disgust ?
* procreates
your friends are habitual line crossers
since i have n't seen anyone say it . " you like that you fucking retard ? "
nice handbag ! can i fist your asshole ?
absolutely , 100 % this ! ! i was in the same place 6 years ago , struggling with low self-esteem . the gym changed that ! not only do i look better , am healthier , feel better and more alive , but working out gave me structure and taught me discipline . it taught me that good things come with persistence , consistency and perseverance . you show up at the gym when you have to , even in those days you do n't really feel like it . but in time , gradually , you start seeing the results of your actions and hard work . and that applies to all areas of life .
dumb and dumber
can i join you ?
HTTPURL * * * ^ ( i am a bot ! visit ) [ ^ ( r / infinitybots ) ] ( HTTPURL ) ^ ( to send your feedback ! )
no i dont want to check anyone 's phone , nor should they mine . if you 're in a relationship you should be trust worthy and adult enough to not be fucking around , and if you wsnt to fuxk around then you should be damn adult and tell the person you 're with . break up , have an open relationship , whatever .
this !
make an nft
feeling very dissatisfied with my life unfortunately . seems like i 'm in a perpetual state of mediocrity , where days just roll into weeks and weeks to months without any feeling that the next day will be better . girls and fleeting pleasures can no longer satisfy me like the used to , and the hobbies i used to enjoy i can't find the motivation to continue . do n't know what i can do to break this cycle of nothingness .
am i horny , or am i just bored ? if the latter , try and do something productive or something that 's actually entertaining .
they do n't show it then or bc i 'm a girl they instantly do the whole " ego " thing when it 's 100 % safe to be them .
i mean true but i have yet to meet a woman that does this ... perhaps i run in more authentic circles lol :grinning_squinting_face: or maybe i just see them as misogynistic since bitter people are bitter everywhere ... hmm i 'm actually going to think about this now
ppl still use world star lol wtf
so ? let her tell them i doubt you care too much about her friends but she will be known among them as the girlfriend of small penis . she has n't thought this through
i have no beard and baldness
i try to keep myself busy everyday , working out consistently , meditating , biking , drawing , video games , reading , listening to music , and binging shows .
the squirrels . mofos can't be trusted
one winged angel - advent children / smash ultimate version . & #x200b ; the guitar leading into the chorus starting at : 48 gets me pumped HTTPURL
just found better stuff to do
ha ha el oh el you 're bad at telling jokes
so ? let her tell them i doubt you care too much about her friends but she will be known among them as the girlfriend of small penis . she has n't thought this through
lmfao i wish
this is probably the most accurate response here , tbh .
> it 's not like she 's your ex . maybe she should be . blackmail ? kremlin-sized red flag .
i 'm more of a rip and tear fan myself but the soundtrack itself is 1000 % amazing
that 's easy . get a different girlfriend
as a gay man i do n't really understand why you 'd want a giant thing in your ass but hey whatever floats your boat . especially because you do n't have to go deep at all to hit the prostate .
hell no . i have a high sex drive and i get attached fast . the constant emotional fallout would be worse than the lack of sexual activity .
sometimes people appreciate what they had after they lose it
because it is more work .
maybe . but dobby does n't like taking risks . i 'm a good elf .
people really out here getting offended from honest answers to a very individual question
i think you mean founder of kellogs , john harvey kellogg .
my wife makes a few hundo a month on there .
it 's got a mind of its own
remind her that even a 747 looks small flying into the grand canyon .
true but also depends on the guy , slapping a dick part is 100 % tho stimulating it is really pleasurable . the balls surprisingly have a calming and overall full body sensation i did n't know but recently discovered with my so
i 'm tall so kids : tell them to eat their veggies adults : ask them which item they need from the top shelf
as a woman , i never understood this . i would hate it if someone did this to me , and it sounds toxic af . time is valuable regardless of gender or age or anything else . this approach literally seems like a massive waste of time for everyone involved .
let 's be real here her friends already know if you are small or not so does n't matter really
i only have one girl that could take the whole dick , she 's my girlfriend now . it feels like a big relief for me , she likes the pain it gives her so win win .
assuming we can read minds . go blunt or go home .
sorry for your loss .
i honestly think most guys like this more than you think .
turkish delight . i do not find it delightful at all
get out of that relationship asap
i understand why that can be offensive to her , but it 's kinda odd she 's saying that she 'll tell her friends you have a small dick . she 's with you after all , despite that fact . it 's not like she 's your ex . maybe she is just teasing you though .
by draining them .
hi there
shit with it
i was 245lbs and normally , i am around 200-210 . i was depressed and could n't shake the funk . i could n't walk up the steps without being out of breath half way up . that one was an eye opener and i knew i needed to get my shit in check . beginning of 2020 i started working out , lost 20lbs . lockdown hit , tried working out at home for a month and lost zero weight . in hindsight i should 've adjusted my workouts to be more intense but i was working out in a small space in my room and it was impossible to get dumbbells anywhere . i ended up drinking again until the gyms opened again and i lost another 30lbs
that 's what he was saying ?
you remedy this by getting out of that relationship .
we can have an erection without being aroused , and we can be very aroused without having an erection . both suck .
my \ [ straight , gender-conforming \ ] coworker wears those men 's under armor running leggings and literally no one has ever questioned it . i also remember cross country runners in high school wearing them to school and that did n't seem strange to anyone .
i completely understand , that there are no perfect contraceptive options . and i was really grateful towards my ex girlfriend , that she was carrying the main burden of making sure we do n't become parents ... i was even the one who recommended the device , and paid for it ( not that it matters ) . it is just about the invalidation by the gyno that is really annoying . i would still prefer this over condoms etc . and you can always trim the strings a bit , although that could also make it worse .
they used a comma , theyre probably also using metric
it 's proven any condom size would fit anyone . unless your dick is like 2 feet it is n't going to break from stretching . i saw a girl hold a condom out of a car and it ballooned to like 5 feet wide and 5 feet long . it 's entirely ego . anyone who says their dick is too big because the * small * condoms stretch too much they break is entirely full of shit
go on then do tell how you go about it then ? it 's called making a fucking decision and standing by it . nobody can help you , you have to help yourself . it 's not fucking rocket science you cleft
not dating me :pouting_face:
she 's probably asking you to join her and her girlfriends because she wants you to meet them , which in my mind is a positive thing and a sign that she really likes you . i think you are overthinking it and you should just go and have fun .
" they have already seen it and did n't have any complaints "
kill her in her sleep
after my dad passed away i was able to accept that there are all types of men and they are all valid . i did n't just have to be the type of man he wanted me to be .
that we have an orgasm every time we cum .
all i said was her dad was kinda boring . did n't want to hang out with him 3 times a week .
why would you care ?
i once used a tiny , faded pink receipt to ( through many hoops ) eventually track down an airport taxi in which my girlfriend had left her laptop bag and documents . " how were you so calm and collected during the whole thing ? " " because i knew i had to be . "
the earth is held in place by the moon ‘ s „ pulling “ . without the moon , the tilt of the earth would change and seasons as we know them would not exist . you def aren ‘ t a nerd whatsoever
9/11
9/11
she just wants one important person in her life , you , to meet the other important people in her life , her friends . it 's important to her otherwise she would n't have asked . so relax , be engaging , show her friends that she is happy with you and that you are a fun person to be with . they will also be interested in what kind of man her friend got herself
why is she threatening you ? what 's the reason ?
i 'd like them described as heavy , black , and pendulous
in general , nothing really . people are people . if you 're one of those 20 somethings all i can say if tits and ass are your only redeeming qualities then you 're going to have a bad time when those head south . and they will .
he 's just being honest mate , no need to be so rude .
this part i am aware of . i needed clarification about why use by one person may cause issues with the blade . it makes sense . different blades are designed for different actions and parts of the body . thank you :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes:
nope , others factors are what got me here , i draw and watch anime because i enjoy it .
we were kids who met on vacation , and we would play and shit all the time . then the following years i 'd always see her on vacation and we 'd be hanging out . then i did n't see her for 7 years until we ran into each other during college . the entire 12-13 years i knew her i had the biggest crush on her . even though i ended up liking other people , i never forgot about her . so when we met in college at a party , we started dating immediately . then we broke up after college was over due to work , and when covid - 19 hit 5 years later and she came back home to denver from her job across the world and we started dating again , and i 'm proposing to her next month . i do n't know if you 've ever read the book “ the alchemist ” but i was like i willed my way as a kid to end up with this girl , and i spoke it into existence .
usually , i let go down the right side . but you got me thinking op , maybe i should swing it over to the left for a change .
are you assuming my verbs are masculine ? lmao
can anyone translate ?
uncircumsized men should always be clean . there is no excuse for penis cheese if he 's washed since ejaculating .
your submission was removed by a computer . this could be for a number of reasons , most of which are summarized in the rules text on the right . in most of these cases , the computer is right , and we will not overturn its decision . if you have re-read your question and still think this is a failure of the automated filter , message us with an actual reason as to why the computer is wrong . if you just say that you think the computer is wrong without any reasoning , we will ignore you . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
the idea that paying attention would have made it obvious is laughably bullshit . what is a sign of interest from one women is a sign of friendliness from another and a sign of simple politeness from another . women always correctly go on about not being a monolith , but then some woman like you and essentially goes “ if all men do n't treat all women like i expect to be treated , they 're creeps / bigots / weirdoes / jerks / etc ” . have you considered that the positions you espoused in this thread are quite off-putting and creepy to plenty of men ? guess that means you 're creepy and should stop , right ?
jesus no . that is what got you here in the first place .
yes ! it 's so confusing , and seriously irrelevant at this point in history .
i loved with 4 other dudes i was friends with for years . it was chaos lol .
( they 're denied )
scrawny twig man here . that hits home .
and they always have an excuse why it 's fine that they do it . was talking to a woman about gender politics and she kept over generalizing men . kept talking like all men were responsible for the actions of the bad ones and justifying why double standards against men is fine . when i challanged her by pointing out toxic behaviour that is consistent amongst women she immediately changed her tune and started saying she was an individual and not responsible for other women . it was astonishing how she just cherry picked which side of that line she was standing on . so to her apparently all men are a monolith and we are all guilty of the crimes of the bad ones but women are individuals and not responsible for the actions of toxic women . and she was completely incapable of seeing the hypocrisy .
anus wasnt meant for that
that it 's perfectly acceptable to slap / smack / hit someone ( in the face or anywhere else ) with no consequences or repercussions . i tolerated physical abuse from an ex many many times when she got angry and just accepted it because of my deeply rooted feelings for her and assumed that it was n't a big deal if a girl / woman did that . i would have rightly gone to jail if i ever hit her the way she did , however , i never would 've called the cops on her for anything like that because i would 've thought it was asinine at the time . i 'll never put up with that kind of dynamic in a relationship ever again . i think that 's just one of those societal things that are kind of ingrained into our behavioral dna as to what is and is n't acceptable physical behavior from women and men .
the date whatever incident occurred .
denied
i had so often , that i slept for 10 or even 12 hours , that it just feels like i 'm missing out on that day . i even set an alarm on my weekend so i do n't miss out on them
:backhand_index_pointing_up: this :backhand_index_pointing_up:
i was balding by my mid 20 ' s . by early 30 ' s it was painfully obvious my hairline had retreated and i was very thin on top . so went all out and buzz cut down to the skin , grew a decent beard , looked fabulous ever since .
tattoos *
and then you shat on him
i thought that pleasure comes solely from stimulating the dick , but my guy friend says it 's in the balls and slapping a dick is like slapping an arm ?
when i was 23 and got a letter from the dean 's office telling me that if i do n't shape up i would be kicked out of university . i almost saw everything i wanted out of life crumble before my eyes , i knew i had to do better and be better . two years later i graduated , and now i 'm into my second job out of university and well on my way to achieving my goals .
a washcloth ? ? ? get some wipes or a bidet .
if the body part is well dissected and shows me the anatomy really well . i especially like tendons and joints .
you might get an inch or two more - i 'm 6 ' 3 - i doubt i was done growing at 17 .
you wo n't say like that you get will fucked very soon or later . how did you use that parents word in between you and fuck .
what do you mean by settle down ? i have been in serious relationships most of my life and certainly like it that way . most of the men that want serious relationships are usually taken by the 30s , so the dating pool of that type is probably small . do you mean marriage ? and why should we ? i enjoy commitment and certainly want a permanent partner but sadly marriage terms are worse than those of a predatory loan shark . in the statistically high chance that marriage does n't work with marriage 's current terms i would rather get a loan from a drug lord where i would be relatively safe as long as i pay it back ; where a failed marriage have the risk to set me back a decade emotionally and economically .
it sounds like you have n't met many western women then , because they certainly have a lot more to offer than just their genitalia . many women , western or otherwise , are in stable and successful jobs , own their own home and can do everything a man can . that 's why they do n't conform to old fashioned roles anymore .
never . as a man there 's no advantage to getting married , only risks . casual hook ups are n't my thing either so its just gonna be me and my stuff .
4 tiny houses . centered around a zen garden with a pond . the driveway cuts between the house closest to the road and the garden . have a self sustainable farm in the back with a little extra for bartering .
should n't need to . you just should always start slow with a new partner and build up , you will work it out .
i do n't even think it 's necessary to say but if you feel it 's do , anytime really
that 's like asking what kind of hay do i feed my unicorn
not a guy but a “ shit , shower and shave ” is much appreciated by us women . thanks .
i can't take anyone seriously who uses those words to describe themselves or other people
i do n't go around * saying * it , but yea , i can kinda see what people are on about . obviously it then blows up and becomes ' a thing ' and it 's hilarious to make fun of . but i actually kinda like the whole ' sigma ' thing tbh . like , i find the people who use the label utterly insufferable grind-bros who are looking to cheat the system . buuuuut i also kinda ' get it . ' i think there are people who it does apply to , and they are often people who genuinely do think for themselves and can kind of upend the way things are done because they do n't much care for the conventions of whatever world it is that they find themselves in . can be kind of neat to see those people .
a good father needs to be patient and relax when a kid does something stupid . my father completely flipped out sometimes when i dropped a spoon .
baby elephants . at least 2-3 because they 're social animals . and enough room for them to grow up comfortably
i think they 're just very different . you take care of a dog . you live with a cat . they 're very different animals and our relationships with them are too . i absolutely love dogs too .
forest gump running
never eat her cookies , man she will flip just seriously buy your own cookies guys it 's not worth it
shut up , be quiet . do n't talk about the day , wear some sexy stuff and do me , well i 'd did say wish .
as i mentioned elsewhere " reporting will result in more real change . the fact they ask men at all means someone in the practice is aware it happens to men and thinks it 's important . reporting her may well result in everyone receiving training , so that no one in the practice does stuff like that again - not just temporarily making one nurse maybe feel guilty , and maybe change her approach . " you are also vastly incorrect . you are treating this like it 's a different kind of issue , in a different kind of situation . i 'm not talking about reporting a woman who raped you while you were drunk ( though you should do that ) . then your point about the justice system might be legitimate , but it 's not relevant to this scenario . i 'm talking about reporting a nurse for being blatantly inappropriate when they are supposed to be there to help you . in a medical setting , it is absolutely imperative everyone is made to feel safe . men not reporting their situation of abuse because the nurse is laughing at them , is absolutely a legal issue . unless the practice is a truly awful place - which is n't impossible , but seems unlikely given they ask the question in the first place - she will at minimum be admonished and instructed to never act that way again .
you still need to register because the draft may be necessary in the future , and yes , you should be negatively impacted for your failure to do your civic duty and register .
your question has been removed because it is a frequently asked question or can be answered in one sentence and does not encourage conversation . please use the search bar or if you think it is n't , [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL ) with a link for approval . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
> thrill in messaging someone new , seeing if there 's a mutual spark of sexual interest , seeing how far that can go , and so on , and occasionally i miss it . that thrill disappears pretty fast when you 're the one always having to do it because women just wo n't . the fact that there 's a much larger probability that absolutely nothing is going to come from it does n't help either . i 've reached a point when that excitement is diminished even if it 's a really beautiful woman showing some interest because if history is any indicator it 's not gonna last long .. i 'm almost 30 and ready to meet someone special ..
i never comment on posts of people i do n't know i might like the pic but it depends on what you count as celebrity . i think the most famous person i follow is the rock but his thirst traps do n't really do much for me
my cat is 13 years old . i 'm 39 . can't imagine life without her ... i love dogs and will get a dog in the future . but i do n't want to ever not have a cat in my home . they are equal parts hilarious and beautiful animals . they make easy , no fuss company . there 's a point after you 've had your cat for years and years that you realise how important you are to them and you end up in this equal relationship where you both do n't need each other but love each other . i love cats .
ive never used them non ironically especially sigma male haha . isnt that a meme ?
they 're mostly memes but can hold some truth
because in 36 years i have n't been loved . the only way i can get someone to stay around is to buy things for them , and i inevitably recieve neglect and abuse in return . i do my best to be a good person . i 'm caring , i look out for people , i listen as best i can , i 'm hard working , i 'm loyal , i 'm the kind of guy who will give you the shirt off his back . ( i 'm not quite as good as i used to be , but social isolation wreaks havoc on a person ) but , invariably , good people do n't want to spend time with me . and the only kind of woman who will let me get close to her sees me as little more than a wallet , and is willing to put out just enough intimacy and attention to keep me financing her lifestyle .
oh
jerk off ? i do n't even touch my dick for days before .
i did the same thing , my language is n't good for sexy talk i 'm not sure how i 'll do if i 'm ever with a girl that does n't do bedroom talk in english , because i sure as hell can't do it in portuguese
2 days ago , i have been learning more about myself and giving myself more compassion
as a woman , on my day to day i 'm not always wearing sexy underwear so this is a good idea for me lol .
• based • based • trolled
move . i 'm starting to see a trend . laying there doing nothing while i do all the work , but she has a 40 + body count . " experience " at work . lays still like a hotdog highway .
probably the people who know how to google things like ... who would do that tho ?
so you enjoy the sexy time ? do you have other interests that you legitimately share that are n't sexy time ? do her moral / religious beliefs fit compatably with yours ?
:full_moon: :full_moon: :full_moon: :full_moon: :full_moon: :full_moon: :top_hat: :full_moon: :full_moon: :full_moon: :full_moon: :full_moon: :waning_crescent_moon: :new_moon: :waxing_crescent_moon: :full_moon: :full_moon: :full_moon: :full_moon: :waning_crescent_moon: :new_moon: :new_moon: :new_moon: :first_quarter_moon: :full_moon: :full_moon: :waning_gibbous_moon: :new_moon: :eye: :new_moon: :eye: :first_quarter_moon: :full_moon: :full_moon: :last_quarter_moon: :new_moon: :new_moon: :mouth: :new_moon: :waxing_gibbous_moon: :full_moon: :full_moon: :waning_crescent_moon: :new_moon: :new_moon: :new_moon: :waxing_crescent_moon: :full_moon: :full_moon: :full_moon: :waning_crescent_moon: :new_moon: :new_moon: :ribbon: :first_quarter_moon: :full_moon: :full_moon: :full_moon: :waning_crescent_moon: :new_moon: :new_moon: :new_moon: :waxing_gibbous_moon: :full_moon: :full_moon: :full_moon: :waning_crescent_moon: :waxing_gibbous_moon: :eggplant: :new_moon: :full_moon: :full_moon: :full_moon: :waning_gibbous_moon: :waxing_crescent_moon: :full_moon: :last_quarter_moon: :waxing_crescent_moon: :full_moon: :full_moon: :full_moon: :last_quarter_moon: :first_quarter_moon: :full_moon: :last_quarter_moon: :first_quarter_moon: :full_moon: :full_moon: :full_moon: :waning_crescent_moon: :waxing_gibbous_moon: :full_moon: :last_quarter_moon: :first_quarter_moon: :full_moon: :full_moon: :full_moon: :high-heeled_shoe: :full_moon: :full_moon: :full_moon: :high-heeled_shoe: :full_moon: :full_moon:
the only thing that 's missing from my current house is a frameless glass extension at the back - like an uber-modern conservatory . i 'm debating changing up my study - but it 'll be expensive to do what i want to do and i 'm not sure i can justify the cost .
last bad breakup i had a mental breakdown ( mostly due to other shit happening in life at time ) and spent 3 weeks in the psych ward . last breakup i had a joint and though about all the times she acted crazy but i ignored because i was getting laid . realised pretty quick i dodged a bullet
smoking a blunt in the car with the boys
that 's only possible if the man is open and willing to learn . in many cases he is n't , and quite frankly it is n't a woman 's job to teach him if he can't take the initiative himself . men grow up without a father for many reasons , one very common reason is because of an absent father . studies have proven in custody battles , women gain custody almost by default because the father does n't want to take custody or does n't bother showing up to court . and you can forget therapy , as many men do n't even believe in it and refuse to attend so good luck there lol
so what 's the point of getting married ? what do you as a man benefit from marriage ? i never said that women only have there pussy to offer , i said westernised women think that 's all they need to offer and nothing else . non-westernised women know that men and women are different and are equally important to society . please take care of yourself man , do n't be controlled by women . ask yourself what do i get from this relationship besides sex , will i get a home or someone living in my house , will get a life partner or someone who i spend money on , will i get a wife that loves me or a sugar baby that will leave once i can't provide .
how do i see it when a man calls himself an alpha ? if he 's not joking , i think he 's a prick , honestly , and i would n't talk to him much do i describe myself as such ? no
the fact that there are men that do not cheat is evidence that this generalisation is wrong . sincerely , man that has never cheated
tall counters . surfaces in most homes are not designed for people six feet or taller . not having to hunch over while cooking will be awesome .
thirst trap : an attention seeking post on social media that uses sexual allure or fascination to get the viewer 's attention i 'm old . til
:face_with_tears_of_joy: :face_with_tears_of_joy: :face_with_tears_of_joy:
one who show that they are trying and putting in effort . but thats true of most people and not just fathers ... mothers and others too .
a friends grandmother said i seemed like a very respectable and personable man , i 've been struggling with self worth and hearing her say that without her knowing my struggle still makes me happy
a bathroom with black tiles it looks absolutely amazing
normalise men in social jobs , destigmatize male teachers especially with younger children , more consideration for mens mental health , domestically abused men should be taken more serious , family court reform .
oddly specific
it 's a pr problem . it reads as if we can only talk about men 's problems if we mention how women have it worse in the same sentence . to many men that sounds like their problems are being minimised and treated as less important . there 's plenty of rational discussion happening here , but it 's easier to put words in other people 's mouths like " i should be able to force her to have an abortion if i do n't want to be a dad ! " .
give or take about an year now , sometimes i want to , but then i can't . you know , nothing comes out .
i work 40hrs a week . commute over an hr each way . my wife does not work , but society keeps telling her that i should do 50 % of the coming / cleaning and 100 % of the yard work / repairs . i am somehow a bad husband for not pulling my weight at home .
i think it 's too much shaving . if you 've got hair everywhere else you 're looking like a waxed bear .
cats are the best !
" look at me im one of the cool hip guys too you know "
tap out . there 's always next time
came here for this comment lol
double standards make sense wherever men and women are different . best and extensively discussed when we talk about pregnancy and who should have a choice in its progression . but when it comes to for example to law enforcement , i can't see how double standards make much sense . for example i do n't see how it is worse when a male teacher seduces a female student than the other way around , but comparing the levels of punishments ( including no punishment ) there is a double standard . that seems unreasonable to me .
sounds :thumbs_up:
i think you should do what you feel like . as cliche as it sounds we tend to suppress that voice that tells us what we want and prioritize logical thinking . i 've found that with relationships you live the moment and stop worrying about 10 years from now , no matter who it is or what future you want with that person , if you love her things will work out . so ask yourself , “ do i want to try ? ” and see what answer makes you smile when you think about it
not too bad , but for some dumb reason my mom was convinced that we needed to live in the " non-competitive " school district and in a subdivision with almost no kids . plus , she was strict . i grew up okay , but learning this stuff as an adult , my mind is a bit blown that these were conscious decisions on her part .
playing a load of video games and beating it like it owes you money
frank ocean - facebook story
literally the exact same thing . when i 'm depressed and lonley all i want to do is eat my feelings and escape into a world where everyone gets a happy ending
the particles may be gone but the scent remains
are you reading what i 've said ? the * enforcement * or the draft ended , but the draft itself is still active . why would there be legal repercussions for not signing up for the draft if the draft was no longer active ? [ this literally says that the draft is still in place ] ( HTTPURL ) and [ this specifies the repercussions for not registering for the draft ] ( HTTPURL ) ( a bit dated , but it gets the point across ) . there is no justification for keeping the draft in place to the point that it can negatively impact your life in the us if you do n't register despite it not being enforced or necesary at this point in time . if it ended completely the registration would n't be demanded and not registering would n't negatively impact your future .
a freezer with a bunch of ribeye steaks and prime rib roasts along with a big backyard and a grill .
why do you think you are unlovable ?
it 's not i 'm an apprentice and i 've learned barely anything
you are hooking up ?
as you get older , this honestly means nothing to anyone and if someone were to proclaim as such would probably just get laughed at . these damn kids and their hip new sayings .
same but staring at the stars if you do n't live in a big city .
by roles to play , do you mean old fashioned gender roles ? if so then i hate to break it to you , but more and more non western women are becoming more modernised and no longer have any desire for those roles either . sounds like you also fetishise woc . the way you talk down about how women have nothing but their genitalia to offer makes you sound incredibly mysogynist and bitter .
terrible sex can be remedied through communication . fullfillment can too , to a degree . the # 1 predictor of antisocial behaviour in men is growing up without a father . is it worth doing that to your son so you can have a better sex life ? plenty of women do this . women need to stop breaking up marriages and start getting therapy . or better ; couples therapy .
nothing . imo if somebody is interested in these alpha and sigma " rules " and " lifestyles " he couldnt be any further from being sociologically alpha .
i 'd love to die while protecting the ones i love but given how clumsy i can be it is probably going to be a stupid accident
exactly . wiping well ? no such thing
sometimes you do n't know until you 're heart breaks .
this is the right answer lol
i completely get it - some the comments here though just scream internalised misogyny which is pretty concerning . jealousy is a completely normal emotion to have , especially in a relationship . it 's a taboo emotion which often gets stigmatised as insecure etc .
actually no some wo n't , you tell them then they do it for a min and go back to exactly what they were doing . you can even tell them what you like and dislike and it 'll go out the window . whatever man actually listens and does it without having to be told more than once , send him to us hahah
my amazing partner ! !
he wo n't know , and even more care less . yee ha
the dates over the last few years that followed did that dirty job for me . my ex was a good woman .
just keep a lesbian manicure .
agreed ! ! i got fired from work because my partner and daughter both nearly died during section , so i had time off to be full time dad and i got “ replaced ”
my aunt and uncle would yell in my face hit me , shove me , and bruise me up in arguments . i simply told them keep doing it . eventually they called the police on me , my aunt and uncle , they kept doing this and sent me to a mental ward . they physically and mentally abused me , dm me for their name and address .
i shove a banana in my butt
real men are too busy mucking stalls and hanging sheetrock and shit .
i live by that anyway , f * ck the law :) if a female wants equality they 're gunna equality in every way ... so just know , any females out there who think they can hit on their man and abuse their man then cry abuse ... you 're gunna get it back as good as you give it
i had books to read , video games to play , and pot to smoke . no regrets . 9 years later my backlog of books and video games has only gotten bigger . still have n't met anyone worth putting either down for so much as a single drink or coffee somewhere .
i find i like curly hair on men for some reason , or wavy hair . for women , i think short hair looks nice on a lot of women . i have long , straight hair though lol
oh i-is uhm that so ? fuuuck
cops
damn yeah i 'm young rn , can you tell me more please
no sam !
nooo
if there 's one thing i 've learned in life it 's that religion does n't give anyone better aim at the toilets .
i take mine like tequila shots ... lick the oregano from your hand , shoot the butter , and a squeeze of balsamic as a chaser
pretty much ask some lady to see if anyone is in there and if it 's clear to go in , i explain no changing table in men 's room . most women understand and no issue my son is around 16months only had issues three times so far
f
she never texted first or took any initiative , oh and she got engaged to another man after our second date
this made my day . all the best .
i . e . the i 'm single bat signal
a grand word for a grand and multi-dimensional beauty . sigh . i like it .
probably a tesla
stuff like this always makes me laugh , “ racism just does n't exist ”
did n't have sex with me .
drive their car up the road while they are passed out then wake them saying that whatever demographic of people they are least inclined to think highly of stole their car and live in the next neighborhood over . then while they are gone change the locks on the doors to the new set you purchased previously in anticipation of their loitering antics . celebrate your freedom .
ok
yup , i like this . i feel it 's the best option .
aweee this so sweet
my wife and i have four sleeping positions : back-to-back , spooning with me as the big spoon , " jetpacking " ( where she 's the big spoon ) , or her laying on my chest ( both of our favorite , and definitely the most intimate ) . the problem is that the latter is n't the best for sleeping for me , so we 'll generally transition from # 4 to one of the others at some point in the night . whether it 's because my arm has fallen asleep , or i need to use the restroom , or i need to scratch my back or whatever , i 've learned to just gently slide my arm underneath her head ( as opposed to over , which will usually pull her hair ) as soon as i need to .
do n't ever bother calling jenny at 867-5309
if they are not getting the hint , go take a shower , get in your pajamas , then , look startled as you see they are all still there , tell them you have to get up early as you stand next to the front door in your bare feet with their jackets .
to support his daughters career decisions . end communication
you 're an actor ? ?
to me that has a hint of " i 'm taking my bat and ball and going home " to it lol
depends on if i 'm down to be in a relationship with her . if i am , cool , if i 'm not , i 'd respect her desires and move on .
i had been visiting a friend in my hometown and they said something similar . i did n't think anything of it because of another friend that was there was still hanging out . turns out in the months i had been away , they had started dating and i was the only one that needed to leave . oops .
freaky
i do this all the time before work it 's my under shirt required by dress code lol
they act the way they want to be treated .
mom and grandma . rip
not only herpes my guy , it could be sex , a nice chick to look at , there 's many reasons . and just so you know , not all strippers have std 's .
do n't piss on my head and tell me its squirting !
plot twist - use mayo instead of butter on the outside ... makes a more even brown , tastier crispy coating ..
got up to use the bathroom and she did n't come back for like 20mins . found her on the dancefloor with the hunkiest man i 've ever seen . apparently he had way more game than me . i finished my meal and ate hers as well . almost finished and she came back and abused me for 1 . eating her meal ( it was delicious ) and 2 . not having the decency to " just wait " until she was done . i drank her fucking long island ice tea too .
either or are fine for me . but i do prefer dem pubes like my fries . curly and seasoned .
> expired i should n't be laughing at this
your submission was removed by a computer . this could be for a number of reasons , most of which are summarized in the rules text on the right . in most of these cases , the computer is right , and we will not overturn its decision . if you have re-read your question and still think this is a failure of the automated filter , message us with an actual reason as to why the computer is wrong . if you just say that you think the computer is wrong without any reasoning , we will ignore you . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
start cleaning and ask them for help
wutttt
HTTPURL
to me ? or just , like , in general ? because aileen wuornos has got to be high on the list . . .
i 'm curious about where this idea of perfection and it 's necessity comes from . most men do n't really need " perfect " women .
“ well anyways , i gotta go take a shower and get ready for bed , i 'm getting pretty tired ! it was fun though . i 'll walk you to your car if you want ! ”
what ever a woman 's style may be if she owns it and rocks it is all it takes for me . positive woman get prettier to me everyday and negative ones i let fade away .
what does butch mean ?
" listen , i 'm about to do some shitting , and it 's going to be really awkward if you 're around . you 're welcome to stay , but understand this is an athletic event for me and you are going to hear some things you can't un-hear "
yeah pretty much
it can't hurt .
sorry to hear this man :(
yasss :sparkles: :rainbow:
i 'm anti-troll and if i had 10000 downvotes to give , i 'd give you all of them
1 . that i at 23 should have my life together and a successful career , when they do n't either . 2 . that i should be able to read their mind and know exactly what they are feeling and why they are upset , even if i have asked and tried to figure it out . it 's fun getting yelled at because you could n't figure out why she was upset after repeatedly asking her . at the same time , i 'm told that i need to be more emotionally available and communicate my emotions better ... 3 . that i should be able to fill any needs as a romantic partner without them needing to communicate them to me . 4 . that i needed to spend more time with her , and that i was a dick for hanging out with my friends as planned when she wanted to spontaneously hang out . when it was flipped i got called controlling and needy . 5 . that i should be ready and willing to do any tasks they want done , at the drop of a hat . 6 . that they could say no to sex at any time for any reason , which i respected . it still sucked to be rejected . on the flip side , regardless of how i was feeling , if she was in the mood , and tried to initiate , i was an asshole if i did n't reciprocate .
zooming in on the guys face ever
" and this is why i do n't like makeup . " i do n't want to have to adjust to a new face because you got comfortable . i really prefer as little makeup , or no makeup at all . does n't matter if your skin is n't clear . if you have bags under your eyes . you have wrinkles , i do n't care . those do n't bother me . i just do n't want to see this insane beauty one day and find out it was mostly bottled the next .
attraction , respect , being able to give each other the type of attention they need , knowing how to de-escalate situations , sincere apologies , acknowledgement of mistakes and forgiveness is huge . that 's what makes for the healthiest long lasting relationships and you learn someone 's capacity of doing the above over time by getting to know them and experiencing different situations that require any of the above in an organic manner . also , make sure you are the type of person you would want to be with . you do n't really need to have similar hobbies or interests in common - that 's what friends are for .
what 's bad about them being older than her as opposed to the same age or younger ?
she was already seeing two of you .
may her memory always be a blessing .
for some reason this sounds like a sub story from a yakuza game
i was a bartender at a taproom . during a rush with a line out the door and a man short , i quick checked a girls id to make sure it was real , it was . but she was underage and turns out she was working for a sting operation in exchange for lift on a juvenile sentence ... i got off of the ticket , but my job got fined 3 grand and a strike on their license . i always did and still do feel bad for an honest mistake .
/ r / targetedshirts is not for you
the only reason i keep kraft in my fridge . brioche loaf and two and half slices of cheese . throw out the half ... yeah , i do pretty well in life . cast iron at medium + heat and throw in a fat ass piece of butter . while that 's melting i nuke the sandwich for about 10 seconds to melt the cheese . quickly throw the sandwich on the pan , same side down as in the microwave since any sogginess will ruin my day . 30 seconds or so till it gets that golden tasty goodness , flip it , swirl it around to get butter all around that bitch . 30 sends later slap it on a plate pan side up , gotta watch the sogginess , and i got some shit that competes with heroin .
that 's what you pay attention to ?
“ you have a really nice voice , keep talking please . ”
nah dawg , that 's not hovering ; that 's playing horseshoes with your butthole .
attack on titan : final season part 1
do n't go . apprenticeship program instead .
bought her terrible 3 year old . that kid was so bad could n't even eat dinner . , we did n't even get as far as to order . kid sat under the table screaming it was so embarrassing we left . , i dropped her off and told her i can't be around your kid ever again , this was 10 yrs ago and i told myself i 'll never have kids and i wo n't in fear it ends up like that monster
the secret is to use mayonnaise instead of just butter for toasting the bread . i know it sounds weird , but it 's a game changer !
or not . i think a lot of the people commenting " run away " here do so because of direct , personal , painful experience . discounting that experience as ignorant or misguided is ... ignorant and misguided . i 'm glad to hear that you are doing well and are able to be happy . sadly , for countless partners of people with bpd that has not been the experience . owning and confronting the issue is one of the hardest ( and lease likely ) outcomes for pwbpd . kudos to you for tackling it . most do n't . op : run away !
mobile game shirts , if its a kid , no problem , understandable , anyone older that 18 wearing a clash royale shirt gives off weird vibes
me and every other dude i have ever met do not give a single fuck about curly or straight hair .
r / soulmatestories
you a real nigga .
amazing
now wait a fucking minute ...
or could be any hairstyle you find appealing
yes
my problem is i 'm so damn sexy and everyone wants to see that .
so ... she was right ?
this is fuckin funny but i do n't see how it helps
shit on the carpet
nah , for most guys it 's t or a . ;)
saving people , hunting demons , the family business
deciding for over an hour about what restaurant she wanted to eat lunch at , only to leave before lunch was served . good news though , i ate 2 lunches that day
if the person is that dense , then just be blunt . “ hey , i need to get some sleep , time to head out . ” motion them towards the door . “ we 'll talk soon , have a good night . ”
soft tap em .
how do you not ?
red arm band or hat
i 'm sorry if i offended you . i was speaking from my time spent over there . i spent a month in roodewal and cape town , and also quilemane , mozambique . of course we had people who were in charge of security for us while we were in these places , but the people there would tell us stories . i specifically remember that in roodewal someone was beheaded a week before we arrived as a result of some gang feud . in cape town , we stayed nights over on the nice part of the town . i 'm sure you 're probably aware of the distinct shift in appearance whenever you cross over to the west side , which is where we worked . i mentioned it because there is infact a problem with things like that in some areas of africa . but i 'm not trying to generalize all of africa by the statement you 're referring to . africa is a large continent like you said , so all africans are not the same , like you also mentioned .
it 's actually a quite nice feeling if you like another person and you know they are checking on you . it feels like they care which is nice , lol . stalkers are the ones who show they are controlling you and always " here " which makes you feel really different way .
at least your asking ..
if you include never start one to begin with ... she had no tits . she looked like asian olivia wilde and was an ultra flexible ballet dancer and she liked that i admired her ballet skills ( we were in a class together and i watched her like a hawk to imitate her skills to get better ) . but , no tits ... i do n't know how i feel about this .
i can't vouch for them as i do n't know them , but i also agree that her family does indeed suck
your question has been removed because it is a frequently asked question . please see [ this post ] ( HTTPURL ) for help or [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL ) with a link for approval . thanks ! * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
let me guess , she sees things negatively and always expects and assumes the worst from everything .
it 's not perfect , sort of just a guideline . especially for people who know nothing and are paralyzed by their inexperience . lot of people starting out seem to be . i was for sure .
turned up 8 mins late for a date
toe thumbs .
probably a bit cliche but shortly after meeting my wife .
1989 maybe ?
the day someone confirmed nobody was on my side but me was like a chorus of angels . finally i could stop wondering where the help , consideration and kindness was . it was all of me so i started taking care of myself
money
so are you saying she comes home ranting and stressed about work ?
do n't have the time outside of my hobbies ( which give me so much more than a relationship ever has ) , do n't want to put in the energy that i have precious little of , do n't wanna get tied down anywhere due to a semi nomadic lifestyle ( i like it that way ) , and my friends give me pretty much all the closeness and love i need . i 'm happy single
no , this is n't me trying to find men to be friends with . it 's just situations that have happened where a guy from my past will message me , or i 'll meet one online gaming , or i 'll only get a few responses to a post about a platonic meetup for food and it 'll just be dudes who responded , like in my post history . i 'd love nothing more than to have a group of gfs too . i 'm basically saying i 'm not * looking * for men only as friends .
in 1995 when the cowboys last won
we agreed she fit the bpd traits a lot , and she would say she has bpd . her friends even told me behind her back she had mental problems , but would never say that in front of her . closest professional diagnosis was when our couples counselor told her she was completely out of line for most of our anecdotes . my ex then said we wo n't be going back to that counselor . to answer your question , no concrete diagnosis .
the point is n't that he is wrong ; for all we know , those women could be thinking * exactly * that . my responses were simply pointing out that making assumptions about the reasoning behind their behavior and using that to justify the mindset of “ girls just are n't romantically interested in me ” is detrimental to their own efforts . his comments fairly clearly state that , so my responses are grounded in the reality of what their own words provide . are you familiar with therapy ? it 's essentially formulated around the premise that your own perception is often inherently biased and flawed . so do n't insinuate that my advice is worthless because i have n't lived his exact experience . the notion that one can not provide advice simply because they are n't strapped to the recipient 's hip is silly and i should hope that you do n't really think that such a thing is necessary . you failing to grasp the nature of the advice ( as is evident based on your woefully poor summary of what my advice * actually * was ) does not change its accuracy just as much as it does not constitute it as an attack .
cruise control solves lead right feet .
i understand that . i easily have 100 + different hot sauces in my house right now . but i 'm asking a very open , broad question of which is best , so take out all the different food options and just go with which hot sauce you could use on all of them .
i wish she was more confident she 's way too pretty not to be
miscommunication mixed with ego / pride
thanks
only hang out with guys who are either happily taken or not interested ( single dad , ace . )
100 % agree .
even with that example i would n't change anything , she already makes my life as easy as it can get , and she 's always been there for me and taken care of me when i needed the help , i was n't the best person to her when we were in our begging years and i 've come to realize my mistakes through the years , so i definitely do n't deserve anything she 's done for me or given me , yet she keeps doing it regardless of our past and my previous actions . ask me again in the next millenium , i still would n't change a single thing about her .
alot of guys in here sound like they are or were in abusive relationships . unless most of you are joking , then you should seriously consider counseling at least googling what emotional abuse looks like and what effect it has ... and then make changes .
i find i 'm always happy when i 'm single . in a relationship half the time i 'm getting attitude . i like the freedom of being single .
what are you basing these claims on ? people irl are entirely different than online in almost every case .
or lies . a * lot * of " perfect couples " are a complete train wreck behind closed doors .
a long time ago . i do n't remember when .
i 'm on reddit so clearly i 've never been jealous . i mean people need to grow up . i 'm so secure a bunch of dudes could bang my wife in front of me and i 'd be cool with it bc i have no insecurity and am mature
low self esteem / no friends . already in my 20 ' s i am who i am i guess . rather just be honest with myself than lying over and over
run
her messes , sometimes when she insults me .
yucateo is green , as i recall ? very complex herbal citrus and plenty of third level heat if memory serves .
i 'm needy , they 're needy , sounds like a dream , sometimes they are busy playing a game with mutual friends and i feel alone all day , sometimes it 's the other way around , mostly it 's an argument on what games we want to play
i 'm happy for you bro .
she 's angry about something all of the time and at this point her anger means nothing to me
that she stops bringing her job home with her . she is under no requirement to do so . i worked hard to break my shop-talk habit ; she can do the same .
i know that " the one " does n't exist , therefore i know that i did n't meet her .
pride
absolute and total lack of communication . they 're two people living completely separate lives who happen to be existing in the same space and have married for convenience and legal benefits
tie between communication and exhaustion .
i do n't want my wife to find out ...
u guy or a girl ?
this is pretty thoughtless of him - i 'm guessing you need contact lenses to see ? and he puts his want of a ps5 controller above that ?
landmine press chest-supported dumbbell row belt squat
this is an extremely honest and well organized take
well ... i 'm canadian , not that all canadians do n't care about the game but it makes it easier . i 've never cared about it , but have enjoyed when someone hosted a party around it ... i guess my main reason is i do n't care for football .
0 ... they must be at 0 . otherwise they 're used . if you get one close to 1 , you might as well get a senior .
* writes that down and contacts hgtv producers *
just tell me !
kids ?
yes because why not . basically 95 % of the reason why i have to go to work every day until i die instead of sleep in and hang out , watch tv or play video games all day is because i was born with a cock and balls between my legs . feelsbadman .
i broke up with a girl once because she had really puffy nipples when she was horny . it looked like another whole boob on her regular boob .
in a pinch .
she was faking for the ring .
battling gambling addiction . burn out in my current job in some ways . in the process of applying to universities for my master 's but getting rejected due to bad grades :face_with_head-bandage: . spending valentines alone . all in all ok ...
" tits ! tits ! yes that 's for me . i wish that every woman had three . one for my left hand , one for my right . i 'd bury my face in the middle one all night " - dos gringos , the things i love
was the mental health before or after kids ? no judgement , but my mental health of a large part of why i do n't want kids .
last name
i pretty much watch all sports soo i have n't gotten bored from it yet
cuz i 'm gay and in the closet lol
i “ load ” the dishwasher incorrectly
oatmeal ?
when i pulled a muscle drying my hair with my bath towel after a shower . wtf !
neeus . was that a no or a yes ? ... i do n't know .
the wife and i do n't fight ( together for 10 , married for almost 6 years at this point ) . we have the occasional serious discussion about money ( i 'm not great at managing money , while she 's great at it ) . that being said , we have this one sort of rule in the house - if you do n't like the way a thing is , or the way something is done , do it yourself . this saved us from some early relationship bullshit like " the dishwasher is loaded wrong " or the " towels are folded wrong " . as long as it gets done , i do n't really care what the end result looks like .
when i was single i had this problem i made a personal rule that i would n't hang out with a friend of the opposite sex alone . can't get the wrong idea i 'd there is a buffer
:pensive_face: ouch .. i 'm sorry
believe it or not i feel the same as a guy . constant blabber is definitely not something i can handle .
the answer is completely dependent on what it 's going on . chicken ( louisiana ) , fish ( tabasco ) , top ramen ( sriracha ) , eggs ( franks ) , etc ... all have different hot sauces that go best with them . hot sauce is n't one size fits all .
u m or f ?
i have a few mental health issues that i 'm trying to sort out with therapy and assorted perceptions . i do n't believe it 's fair to anyone who wants a functional person to be in their life and help them build something when i , myself , have a very unstable foundation .
i think when men do do this it 's subconscious , but i guess i can relate sometimes when someone tells me i can have something i want i might want it a little less or wo n't fight for it the same ( i 'm guessing that 's what these guys do ) your definitely right tho , it 's immature 🤷🏽‍♀
i am the visual the inspiration that made lady 's sing the blues
fuck em . you do n't need anyone else
tapatio is good entry level .
her family sucks
i want to enjoy " freedom "
lol well i 'll let you know if anything ever happens between she and i . i 'm not holding my breath , but life is strange .
i do respect women . negotiation and compromise are two of my terms . if those terms are n't met and reciprocated then the relationship ceases to exist .
but you make toast with a toaster as the term toaster means " one that toasts . " we are n't trying to make baked cinnamon & sugar bread . to make cinnamon toast you need toast and cinnamon and sugar . so you make the toast with the toaster then you put the other stuff on it .
we both get hangry . but we typically catch it and say , food before we talk . we then make it our 1st priority to get food for one another , then by then , it 's not a big deal .
happy cake day !
my plan is to win over my son when he turns 12 he can get his own advocate and i can get controlling custody . me him are like :crossed_fingers: .
crooked teeth , getting braces would fuck up my speech because my speech impediment adjusted around them . getting them straightened would create a lisp . :(
was expecting a ton more sexual comments to be honest lol
if you can't beat em join em . you against the world then you are correct , you loose .
also here in the u . k . - we often get confused by americans counting in hundreds when it 's already over 1000 . the same for americans counting in weeks when you 're already into multiple months . oh , your dog / baby is “ 26 weeks ” old ? let me just open my calculator app ...
" only women , babies and dogs are loved unconditionally , men are loved only on the condition that they provide something . " - chris rock
quit the dating apps . most women only use them for verification to see how many good looking guys think they look hot and have no intention of ever going out on a date . the few that do n't are looking for the one chad thundercock that every other woman on there wants . they are a huge waste of time and will make you frustrated . i find women irl in public . it 's easier to talk to them that way and you can see indications of interest that you can't see on an app . you also get too see how they really look instead of wasting time and getting excited about the one date you spent so much time and effort to get and found out you not only got catfished but she actually looks like a catfish and used camera angles and " ugly remover " apps for her pictures .
no one cares about you . you do n't have multiple dating options . you 'll get one dating option every couple of months on average . sometimes 5-6 at one time and then nothing for years . no one checks up on you . no one hits you up randomly . no one makes an effort to be your friend . you 're not allowed to complain . you 're not allowed to be sad . you 're not allowed to get angry . you 're a robot . anything less then you 're less than a man . you also have to be born a certain way . if you 're not white and under 6 ' 0 everyone 's gonna be a jerk to you . you wo n't get any “ male privilege ” but people will treat you like you get it . you 'll get blamed for things other guys do cuz there are a lot of dumb guys . you 'll get categorized with them . the nicer you are the weaker you 'll look and the more you 'll get taken advantage of . the bigger dick you are irl the better you 're treated . but be fake online and pretend you 're the nicest dude . you 're a rapist until you prove you 're not . you 're malicious until you prove you 're not . if you workout and take care of your health you will be shamed by people jealous of you and they 'll claim to be scared of you to exclude you . your skin color / race determines 99 % of the women you will get . things you are born with ( height , skin color , eye color ) are more important than things you can control ( dreams , personality , passions , kindness ) . no one will walk up to you randomly to talk to you unless they need something . if you walk up to someone expect to be ignored or called a creep . this means you can't say hi to strangers unless they say hi first . you 're expected to treat women better but also equal at the same time . in an emergency situation your life is worth less than a child or woman 's . you will lose job opportunities and life experiences to people more attractive than you tho this could apply to both genders . nothing here is right or wrong per se just after over two decades of living in multiple areas across the us this is what i 've learned . other countries are nicer from what i 've seen . again just my experiences , yours are undoubtedly different
two days ago i had a long hair caught across my ass cheeks . like . horizontally across my ass . how did it get there ? idk . but that was sooo weird to remove . like a knot in your hair but on each cheeck .
no . people do n't get curious about things they are n't interested in . straight men are n't interested in romantic or sexual relations with gay men .
had this exact same thing happen to me too . " come on , show your emotions . talk to me . etc etc . " and we 're no longer together now lol . better to keep it in boys .
what synonym for female will no females complain about ?
invading ukraine in spring
exactly . straight guys are n't into dudes . and gay guys are n't into women
things like dancing , dressing scarcely , and other such things that women like to do are not " just for fun " . these things actively turn us on and in doing so manipulate us into horny idiots . you can scream and shout " equality " and " i can wear what i like " but this is a fact of life that no opinion you could possibly have is ever going to change
they should google the term unrequited love , they probably never heard of it .
just the tip .
i just need to put myself out there more . i 'm doing that at my job but i fear it 's not enough .
god i 'm so scared of opening up to someone .
what synonym for female will no females complain about ?
over half a mil
poll like question
well , to put it simply , yes . while to some it may be obvious and not even a second thought , to most it is n't even a first
this ! geez do n't judge life by what is going on at 23 , that would be nuts .
few compliments ( if at all ) , but more likely to be honest compliments . i totally agree .
hi , your post has removed because we suspect you are trying to figure out a person 's specific actions or thinking , or asking for guidance in a specific situation , which is prohibited . for advice , visit / r / advice or / r / relationship_advice . if you have any questions , please feel free to [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL ) have a nice day !
stop ? what is this stop ?
2 words . cannon fodder .
it 's not fair that men can't hit a woman but a woman can hit a man . i had this discussion with my buddy and his gf last night and i agree that men should n't hit women , but that does n't give a woman the privilege to hit a man whenever she wants . yes , men are biologically stronger than women , but women should n't just be hitting men just because they 're upset about something . we 're in the age of equality ( which women wanted ) so if women truly want equality ... 🤷‍♂ 🤷‍♂ 🤷‍♂
profanity
if you truly want to understand why things are the way they are now you need to look at the bigger picture . those in power ( those who own the money systems and media and academia ) are purposefully trying to destroy peoples humanity . they are actively trying to divide . they do this through all manners of propaganda . in movies and social media ( reddit is 99 % social engineering now ) and news . white vs black . christian vs muslim . male vs female . vice versa . it 's all pushed as much as possible as a distraction for what is really going on . those in power understand human psychology on an individual and mass scale . they know how to use propaganda and they know how it works . a few of their goals for the peons : destruction of the nuclear family , destruction of morals / religion , destruction of critical thinking ( " accept authority and do n't question ... you can bitch but only when we tell you to ! " ) , creating confusion , creating " teams " of all kind and pitting them against each other ( see above ) , demasuculinizing men and masculanizing women , making children question their identities and realities early on in life to set them up for mental illness and control down the line , making people believe isolation and hatred of people / humanity / life is the norm , etc . so many of these issues are not " natural " . they are created purposefully by highly intelligent but evil people who are in control of this world .
fuck it i 'm gonna try this from now on . maybe i 'll manage to fool myself i got it under control and believe things will get better . fake it til you make it right ? cant make it worse , right ?
later
not a real question
i think you 're way off-base there , and so would the only men i respect over 60 .
i consider myself straight because i 'm not romantically or sexually attracted to other men . but at the same time i 've always had a fascination with the idea of being dominated by another guy and made to do things with him . so i do n't really know where that puts me as i 've gotten mixed messages when i 've asked before . most say i 'm just more fluid in that aspect . but no , i have n't really considered actually downloading an app to explore that side of me further . i sometimes talk to people on here but it 's not with the intention of meeting up . i could consider it at some point , i suppose . especially if they 're open to non-relationship interactions there . ( not overly familiar with the app )
i mean at first maybe , but they 're all over the place at some point . although they do get more and more paranoid while having fewer and fewer and fewer employees , so lately you can't get to anything and you can't flag down any help . i thought this was a store not a museum , do they not even want to sell this shit ?
in order to be able to handle being with someone , i have to be a complete person on my own first . got broken up with way back in august and still feel like i 'm just a shell of who i was before . plus : dating and stuff is difficult and requires a ton of effort . effort that i dont have available right now .
the only part of my appearance i have confidence in is my eyebrows , because about 6 years ago a woman in a bar walked over to me and drunkenly said i had nice eyebrows . thats how rare this shit is
basically tinder for gay and bi dudes .
are you a person with a job that has experienced both friday and monday ?
keqing 's thighs
the only time i 've received hugs are at funerals . it 's pretty dehumanizing when it takes someone 's death just to get a hug .
a commercial slushy machine
we have the ability to not think about anything . thats nice . what is multitasking ? dont know , but we crush that one thing .
agree !
women can bitch , moan & complain 24/7 . if men do it , they are seen as weak , childish & gay .
i think you would like to be complimented not catcalled and maybe it would be fun for a sometime but there is a reason why women do n't enjoy it
to me it 's just responsibilities . i can't expect to find someone ( partner ) and hope that they are well off . i can't present myself to some girl while being a no one with no future . i come from asia so i am expected to take care of my parents when they grow old . and i will . but things like medical bills that might pop up , and a secure future , and children of my own and finding a wife or someone who is willing to share my own responsibilities . i can't expect to find someone who is willing to share my own responsibilities , hence i must prepare to be self sufficient and capable of handling any problems that might arise . i moved out of my country when i was 18 and started studying in germany cause it 's free . learned a new language and all . now i work in a warehouse busting my back . i will have to preserve and go on . no matter what . cause it 's my responsibility . and it 's not just me . it 's maybe all or most men out there who share similar unspeakable burdens , that they can not share with anyone else , can't complain about . it 's a part of being a man that no one speaks of much , having no say in the burdens you might have to bear . but i guess that is life .
sounds like a child raising a child :smirking_face:
about as often i compliment other women . which about once in a season .
i call that birth control .
female does n't include transwomen
honestly that 's our fault for actually getting into dating sites , those apps are cancer , get rid of them as soon as possible .
ohhh got it . also the last tip makes way easier to remember .
lol
nobody is " obsessed " with op originally used the term twice in her post before she changed it . do n't cry because you 're a nice guy .
it 's strange but i feel proud sometimes to be sad and keeping it to myself . i know my males friends are like this too . it iis not a purpose to be a real man . it 's more about accepting ourselves . we could help each other out , talk about how sad we are sometimes . but it will be neglecting each other feelings . we respect when someone is sad , we do n't force someone to talk and we let life go on . being " in the mood " with a friend is the most reassuring feeling in the world , just chilling not saying much . it hurt when someone aggressively told you to say what 's wrong and the second after you realise you made things worse by saying it out loud . expect to open up to someone , and losing the relationship over it . mainly lovers , partners , family . being ourself is like having cold air filling our lungs when feeling heavy , and still found a way to like the sensation . mens feelings are complex and we have to figure it out on our own .
faroe islands . stunningly beautiful with wonderful people , but i miss trees and occasional very hot and very cold days too much to live there
best : and adjustable long size bed . omg my sleep is so good now . my back has improved a ton . like what 's the price on sleeping well and feeling better every day ? worst : probably just insanely expensive bar nights i could n't really afford when younger
yeah , i feel you on that .
> you do n't need to be in a relationship for those things though ? when we try to do the sex without relationships thing we 're accused of using women , being pigs , etc . it 's also massively harder to pull off for us than women .
fair enough .
it gives me more money and peace of mind . some nights can be lonely though .
certainly but the gender issue is that the man has no choice . and while i do n't think it 's wise to suggest a man could force a woman to abort a child , he should have at least some legal remedy prior to the birth of the child to protest the birth and alleviate his financial responsibility if the woman decides to go forward .
it 's not about the term female by itself . it 's about using the term female paired with the word man in the same sentance . female is a generalization of gender , ex : female woman , female kangaroo , female rat , while the word man distinctly describes a human male . using the word female in the same sentance as the word man like ex : a man walks into a bar looking for females - is dehumanising towards women . to reader it conveys a sense that the women in the context of the sentence are percieved as less than human . hope this helped .
use an atm receipt of 8 figures or more , its pretty awesome as well .
lmao
fucking hell lads . i 'm reading this almost in tears . sounds like none of you have any good relationships around you . everyone around me would be there for me if i needed it , any of my mates , my missus and my mum , my close family . maybe i 'm lucky ... i 'm damn lucky . some of the answers are saying that you can't show emotion to your missus ' , or even your mum . lads , get a new missus if you can't show emotion to your current missus . i could n't begin to think how shit it would be to have a missus you can't be yourself around . a lot of these issues that us men face can be fixed by us men . if your mate or your co worker seems down , be there for him . if you hear of someone doing some diy home improvement or car type stuff , offer help and a beer . do n't be so quick to castigate other people for their supposed shortcomings , build people up , do n't break them down . do n't put pressure on people unnecessarily . be people 's support , not their quicksand . admire what other people achieve . throw compliments around with gleeful abandon . all of that good stuff . when you enrich the life of others , you 're creating a net gain , a gain that 'll be felt by other people you 'll never meet . let 's make this world fantastic one good deed at a time .
dogecoin
we can't always turn things on and off when we are confronted with an emotional situation . it does n't mean we do n't care , or react one way or another , at that particular point in time . why do women have to know every detail ? some things in the world are inherent without explanation or reaction , fault or strength .
my administrative assistant gets me a fresh vase of flowers every week . i appreciate the gesture more than anyone could imagine . never had that before .
reminds me of the " just imagine half a pound of raw ground beef stuck between your legs all day "
i 'll comment whenever i feel like “ mate ”
i am pointing out the reason for the issue the op is having . used to have a girlfriend like that
not much , i 'm cold all the time , and i feel less jolly .
i feel that . i did n't match for a residency and did n't really have any interest in sex with my partner because of , you know , the absolutely crushing feeling of having your dreams ripped away from you after working on them for 8 years . anyway she knew i did n't match but decided to wildly speculate with her friends over facetime as to why i did n't want to have sex and seemed sad all the time , and their conclusions were that either i 'm asexual or gay .
if a fight breaks out it makes sense to get the big guy down first . whether he 's trying to get into the fight or not .
what did i say that 's racist ?
can confirm , i was homeless for five years , have been suicidal most of my life , and i 'm currently a ceo of three different companies .
best : water snake
i 've been ( off and ) on antidepressants since i was 16 ( mid 30s now ) . i 've planned out my suicide twice ( do n't worry , i 'm in a much better place in life and that was over a decade ago ) . everyone i have ever told , except my father , have either not believed me , or seen it as a weakness / failing . i finally worked up the courage to see a therapist , she brushed off nearly everything i brought up that was bringing me down in life . i can not confide in anyone about any of my problems , ever . even when someone says they want to hear them , experience repeatedly has shown me they do n't , or they 'll use it against me or make fun of me for it . i have had to be my own rock for my entire life , and that most likely will never change .
my wife
not sure if ironic
i am not important . there are 100 things in my life more important than i am . i 've made my peace with it i guess . i work so hard for everyone else because i feel that i must . i fail . i fall . i yell or snap sometimes . i 'm human . but i feel terrible about it and pick myself up and try to do better for everyone . if i scrape out time for me or try and hold some sense of self or ideals it 's torture until i let go . so it is n't a good idea as a man to hold on to expectation , desires , wants , or share any sense of self because if it is n't used against me , i 'll probably have to give up on it sooner or later for someone else . i do n't share my feelings because telling my wife she hurt me will result in her explaining how i 've hurt her . it is n't worth it . before you say “ dude , that 's not right ! ” the reality is that is most people . your feelings are important . probably more important than mine ? why would someone ( me ) say something to make you feel bad ? your feelings are certainly more important than mine . you have to be true to yourself , right ? you have to defend yourself , right ? if you 're not happy how can the people around you be happy , right ? so of course if i say “ that hurt ” you can't just let me walk on you . so you that 's “ sure ok . but what about when you ... ” so why bother ? so i live . i do what i can to bring joy to those around me . sometimes i get a little . sometimes i get a lot . but i learn to take what 's offered and let the rest go . that 's what it 's like to be a man . it is n't about having feelings or sharing them . it 's about knowing there 's no validation for them and if you get a little , it will cost you so much that why even bother . second question : it took some time to compliment other men . i 'm 40 . i never compliment anyone about their physical appearance . i do n't want to send the wrong message ; even if there 's like a . 001 % chance . i also have read too many horror stories on reddit where a guy compliments a girls and the girl writes a 3 page post about how she was assaulted by some guy at the gym who asked her to take her headphones out so he could chat her up .
i hate this . i 've been mugged at night , nobody deserves to feel unsafe during a walk
changing environmental conditions change traits selected for , as it has ever been .
lol wish i was gay then might find out if men are better to date
lol . still laughing at you
i feel like as a women from my experience you should not let your emotions get the best of you and make the conversation all about you instead take the time to truly listen and understand without being sensitive and taking things so personally
ohhhh so they 're quoting hilary , that makes sense lol . she 's just happy that children are being left behind so she can feed . :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
> feel like my matches stop replying after a day or two of back and fourth texts . because they are probably being inundated by messages from other men . it 's one thing getting a match . it 's another getting a date , and even if you do , just be prepared for the fact that you 're not likely the only one that 'll be arranging dates with them .
well no shit man , we gotta have a certain amount of body interactions during a day or we get depressed / anxious .
did you watch to the end ? she got 7 dates with women she found attractive in a month .
hi , your post has been removed because we suspect you are attempting to pot-stir or push an agenda . if you have any questions or feel this post was removed in error , please feel free to [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL ) . have a nice day !
want to fly to paris on my private jet
it 's easier .
idk , i guess i 've always wanted to show someone the ropes
this is why i am asking men what it looks like to them . because i think it 's important for women to understand what men see as high value instead of assuming what men want or going by society 's definition .
you are communicating to the wrong people .
i do n't see how she 's not qualified though . i 've seen this talking point come up multiple times and she has more qualifications and a better temperament than the last two justices that were added to the bench . what is she missing that beer bong and handmaid 's tale possess ?
i 've even heard a psychiatrist talk like that . she was something else .
soccer is a game of anticipation . in america , we have baseball . far more dramatic in terms of anticipation . every pitch can lead to a score or an out . the main appeal of soccer is the possibility , baseball beats that level of anticipation handily . at least , that 's for me .
HTTPURL you 're welcome .
just tell your partner that u wanna do the nasty
yup . this exactly .
well if you only value relationship for sex then yah , sex is n't owed to you .
no hyperfixation on new hobbies and pastimes suddenly to be not interested in them ? or knowing an astronomical amount about a particular topic ( that you could only learn by spending way too much time researching a pointless topic . like spider species or being able to guess what car is behind you on the highway at night while driving based off the shape of its head light ?
damn that sucks , my ex was like you . i hated it bc i did n't want him to ruin his future just for my short term wants . i hope you find someone who supports you !
have you talked to your partner about your frustration ?
i think they 're asking for a reason themselves
i think that 's what dating is for ? to figure out who they are and everything
" l-a " , pronounced " ladasha " , from a customer years ago . i did n't even know what to say .
have you spoken to yout partner about this ? if so how did the conversation go ?
not sure what vibes i give off but it seems like ignoring them just drives them crazy . i 'll never understand how that works .
cheating . if a man cheats he is a scumbag . if a woman cheats , her man is a scum bad or is n't meeting her needs .
also missed out on the gem legend airy
pretty easy to learn to drive , it 's remembering all the rules
ask who this is .
dating is the vetting process .
i had a relationship with a black girl ( i 'm white ) , and she told me “ your lips are pretty nice for a white guy ” .
i would n't say its the worst but its definately annoying how many people from 2014 to 2018 named their kids heaven spelled backwards . nevaeh . i still do n't know how to pronounce that name .
low effort . if a guy does n't have some sort of idea , like " hey , would you like to meet for coffee this weekend ? " then he is a waste of your valuable time . how difficult is it to come up with a time and place for a low pressure meeting ? i 'll tell you , it 's not difficult at all . after that short and low stakes date , he should have some sort of idea about what you might be interested in for another , more serious , date . if you 'd like to talk about this some more , there is a really good espresso place right on greenwood and 107th . we can meet after work this afternoon , say about 5 ?
walk up and say . " nice shoes , wanna fuck ? "
talk to me , i 'll start the convo after but do the first step :loudly_crying_face:
you 'll get far with this sort of ability to see past your own perspective .
maybe once a week on average . some times more often . i would say it is n't the number times per week that bothers me as much as the number of times i 'm reject / denied between sessions . if i 'm feeling like my partner is willing for the most part , the longer stints .
chew their food during dinner and pour in into their mouth mama bird style .
sounds like you do have an issue with nudity .
all of these are pretty solid actually , thank you ! !
yeap . i was into a girl when i was 23 . hangout a couple times . upon driving her home the 2nd time we hangout as i 'm dropping her off she let 's it be known she wants to fuck . i was a pretty shy dude and was like " wow this is kool but i 'm just gunna kiss her good night cause i do n't want to be awkwardly trying to bang in my car in front of her parents house , but she should be kool with me being a decent person and next time shit will really kick off . " nope . she was furious and hurt that i " rejected " her and did n't continue seeing me but did make a point to sleep with most of the guys i hangout with . which is whatever i quickly got over her . but the idea that a guy trying to be sorta honorable and wait to hookup i now know is utterly false . most women hate it and if they give you a shot to bang take it immediately cause you wo n't get a second shot and they will take it personally . she did in fact tell people i was probably gay funny enough .
i think there 's a difference between a guy who can maintain their own car and guys who spend all their money modding their cars or buying and fixing up old vintage cars . one 's practical and the other spends all of their time and money on their obsession .
yeah i feel this . i 'm the same as you , not being able to be a player has left me so unfulfilled .
i 'm curious to know what specifically you learned if you 're willing to share
while buscemi is n't a classically handsome man , he is an outstanding actor and seems like a really solid guy in every way . i would n't sweat the comparison . plus would you rather have a man compliment you on your looks or your intangibles ?
i had recently started hooking up with this girl on tinder . we had finished the deed one night and we talking about stuff we liked . she deadass goes , “ yeah , i 'm really into getting choked . particularly when i 'm choked until i pass out . ” pulled the plug on that one a couple days later .
the computer flagged this as a frequently asked question . use the search bar . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
well , i knew what was going to happen when i did it , so it is on me
really high ... probably because i 'm still young but when i 'm with my girlfriend we have sex at least once a day and every day we 're not together i masturbate
0-0 games are so boring . even baseball does n't do that .
how so ?
just be an adult about it . ask her to clean up in the living room , and if she wo n't then ask for her to contain it to her own room .
depends on the lady , there 's no " trick " to it . be yourself , if she likes you , she will want to be with you .
it can be safe , if she knows where to bite .
i do n't know what a strop is , but what a lovely turn of phrase . british , i assume .
i 'm so envious of them . i was never attractive enough to be one , but i did want to be one
i 'm in my mid 40s . former sex addict and player since middle school . for a few years , my dry spells were measured in hours . sure , at the time it was fun , or at least i thought it was fun . i was actually bored , because i targeted " easy victims " learning body language and " reading energy " made it easy to find * low hanging fruit * . i was damn near predacious , but i did n't care . in my early 30s i realized i 'm a sex addict , and learned that i was just using sex to feel better about whatever i was doing , or what was bothering me . i would trade it all for monogamous relationship . but it is what it is , these 304s ain't loyal , so now i gotta play games and have a harem so i can filter them down to one good relationship .
the threat of homelessness
the bend and snap never fails
yoooo you 'd have passed outttt lol !
and thumbs . it 's possible to use other digits , but the thumbs seem to be the best .
u cuming ?
sounds like humble brag but at least every other day . my alarm goes off and she wants to begin the day with getting loaded up . usually happens every other day on top of whatever sex happens during the evening and / or weekends . that 's her thing thought . that 's how she likes to start her day . she sort of views sex as a type of basic need as food or water . i 'm not complaining .
there is actually a high pitch frequency that instantly turns women on . you just have to find it and scream it at them .
assertiveness , confidence , playful bantering , some flirting , and not being too simpy
guy i worked with named his son callus .
watch a filthy frank video on the subject .
get lessons from the spy
funny thing is that sex is considered a human right in some parts of the world . i remember watching a documentary about a prostitute in germany that caters to disabled men . the men are on disability , so they can't work . she would n't mention in the documentary what they do together , but she seemed like an awesome person who really cared about her clientele . i think that she said that she sees them once a week .
it 's a simple matter of singing her * uptown girl * by billy joel .
i do need to look more inwards being honest . i still feel like i 'm very new to figuring myself out and it 's a scary side of self-discovery and introspection .
i actually had it fairly easy . she cheated , i hired the lawyer and she did n't fight it at all . i ended up keeping my car and the house , and she kept her car and student debt . i got very lucky . the hardest part was my emotional stability and trusting again after the infidelity was uncovered .
step one : be hot
honestly the more dominant one was plenty difficult .. i never wanted to try the other one . foreplay was weird .. the divided bit took a while to get used to . you 'd never know there was two from the outside tho . looks the same as anyone else 's . just each is smaller in size .
on average every other day , with excesses in both directions ( from multiple times a day to only once or twice in a week ) .
you clearly did not get the message . does n't matter .
a girl named nakeda .
ya that 's actually why i ended up tossing my fleshlight . too messy and then having to clean it up and prep it for later is annoying when i 'm just trying to nut and go on with my day .
... or else they learned to fight well early on in life .
one is for normal men , the other is for the deadliest pirate to sail the seven seas . but seriously , i have no idea . i imagine beard care products are one size fits all . i do n't use them , so i have absolutely no idea . if anything , getting said care products into a black person 's fh would be difficult because of the density and texture . i imagine a solid comb would help with that .
we were like 14 or 15 it did n't occur to me till after that event . i just thought it was annoying in the moment .
cutting a part of our dicks off without consent . most men are too proud to advocate for anything though
yep ... been there done that . they are emotional batteries and certain women will use you as an emotional load . it never ends well .
hot take . friends do n't exist .. there 's family , acquaintances , and npcs ... if you still have friends , you 're still a child . as we mature true friends become family . fake friends become acquaintances . the word " friend " was created to describe your classmates and your parents ' acquaintance 's children . you have no use for it unless you have kids and they have classmates .
calling a tow truck to get a tire changed . i did this several years ago for the reasons that ( 1 . ) the tow company was literally in sight of me ; ( 2 . ) it was hotter than hell out and i did n't want to finish my trip a sweaty , grimy mess , and ( 3 . ) hell , i was on vacation . so i sat in a / c comfort while they removed the flat , took it back to the shop for a plug patch , and reinstalled it . $ 40 well spent imho ... but i should never have admitted it to anybody as i caught endless flak for not doing it myself .
in the uk a while back there was a couple who gave birth to their child in a kia so they named the child kia
put in more effort to talk . too many times im the only one asking the questions and starting conversations . basically if we have been talking for 2-3 weeks and the conversation hits a dead stop when i stop initiating , i drop her .
hahahahhaa
yeah . that 's a very difficult tightrope to walk . i have found a few friends who are actually emotionally supportive of my full range of emotions and i value their friendships quite a bit . i go out of my way to maintain those friendships without regret . to be very clear , the emotional support goes both ways . they listen to me cry about my dating struggles and i listen to them cry about getting dumped . i think that it 's very psychologically healthy for men to have and maintain those types of friendships , but society in general does n't support men having them as much . most men do n't know how to be emotionally supportive to each other because we do n't get emotionally supported enough to figure it out .
maybe once , can go up and down any given week .
it 's fascinating how carefully you avoided my first question .
a guy that 's * really * into cars . nothing wrong with being able to do your own maintenance , but these guys take it to another level .
i think my wife would fly against the wall if she would have to go without an orgasm for a whole month lol ! ( same for me , by the way )
get in a long distance relationship with one . very depressing , very complicated , very expensive . was n't worth three years .
way more comfortable ... feels better , spooning is better
i sweat at night . helps not to
it 's just comfortable , though i do prefer having underwear on at least .
currently studying for university , reading about the effect of small ice age of europe through historical accounts . meditating and going for morning runs . i 've just came to peace with the fact that i 'm probably not advancing on the women front of life for a while .
never . ever . ever . get into crypto . it 's practically 100 % password managing
write down all your interests and hobbies , everything you can think of . then try and see if there are any classes , clubs , etc related to them . anything socially related to your interests . go to them and try to really talk to people . works great for me .
comfortable ... less hot
feels better ?
i know . but that is why there would have to be the conversation . what are the boundaries ? and i mentioned the woman i know who is bi , but not poly . but i know other bi folks that are poly . if i am going into this , we both need to understand how this is going to work . that 's all .
hooter's
i would have tried harder to find a job , it 's not that i did n't try to get a job back then . after graduating and getting my hs diploma i took a break . from late 2007 - mid 2014 i took a break from both work & college while still trying to figure out what i wanted to do . i do n't regret taking a break but since i was ( 22 ) going on ( 23 ) at the that time i could have used more money . i 'm in a better place now with a full-time job , & living on my own .
ya gotta do better than this to find the book , woman
chores are just " shit that needs to be done " , and i 'm a grown man , so i handle shit that needs to be done .
when my gf used to ask " do you hate me ? " or " why do you hate me " when id be sitting down minding my own business i shifted to ignoring it after explaining how mad it made me . she still did it over and over and over again i eventually just got out of that relationship .
you know she puts out .
it would n't last long
porque un mundo de dolor se te viene encima .
i feel old , i 'm 19
this is probably more mild but i still felt bad ... i really wanted to date this girl who was in a relationship with a guy i used to be good friends with , but they were on the rocks . i was basically just really lonely and this other girl i sort of knew just kind of popped up and was clearly interested so i tried to convince myself i liked her . she was really sweet but i just did n't like her ( she also did n't seem to brush her teeth much , that was gross ) but honestly i only continued “ dating ” her because i did n't know how to break it off and her family was pretty cool . we were n't even in a physical relationship but she was super attached . she wanted to talk on the phone all the time and i 'd just sit in my truck smoking and looking at memes while she rambled , and completely ignored her . after a couple weeks the other girl i liked finally broke up with her bf and i pretty much instantly dumped this girl , who had decided we were made for each other and were for sure soul mates . i told her it was n't working , she started unloading about how she “ never knew what love was before me ” . she somehow ( i literally to this day do n't know why , i did n't say anything of the sort ) got it in her head that i wanted to take some time off and then get back together . that was never the plan . anyway , like 2 months later i was dating the first girl , that i liked in the first place , and my “ ex ” ran into us at the lake very clearly being “ new couple happy ” . some time later we got engaged and the ex sent me a big long fb message basically accusing me of breaking her heart and ruining everything and attributing a bunch of bullshit to me that was in no way true but i still felt awful because in truth i had never been honest with her that i really was n't that into her ever and did n't have the balls to break up with her right away , and instead just behaved like the shittiest boyfriend possible hoping she 'd leave . that said , i 've been married to the girl i liked in the first place for going on 9 years now but yeah i still feel bad for being such an asshole .
she loves trivia and will talk endlessly about it .
exhibit a (:
depends on how tight the underwear is , but most of the time peeing through that hole hurts like hell . also faster just to pull down .
this was the best joke i 've ever heard . :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing: the wait for the punchline was so worth it !
it 's just open air , comfortable
i 'm 6 ' 4 ' i 'd enjoy meeting a woman of similar height .
second language english . making the use of " chick " that much more ridiculous .
whats becoming apparent through this post is that women are not rejected often in life so when it happens its kind of a shock to the system
your mileage may vary
yep , i was the same way . now dealing with 4 decades of mental health maintenance deferment .
:expressionless_face:
i sit to pee because it 's luxurious and i want comfort
yeah i have this one pair that i swear is designed to make my dick pop out randomly throughout the day . im like what even is the point of this .
we only got anxious after the plan b efficacy period . i live in south africa where abortions are legal . but was mainly concerned with the male perspective ?
* there 's a difference between a sprint and a marathon . getting through a tough situation that 's a finite time is easier - push the feelings down , and deal with them later . for this , i 'm thinking about when i was threatened with a knife by a homeless fella while working at a liquor store . marathons would be stuff life working from home during covid - feeling isolated , depressed , and anxious . * no one is all tough all the time . we all have our shit that we 're dealing with , and most folks just hide it well in public . * we 're all burned out as fuck right now . we had to watch a million people choke to death on their own lung fluid over the last year . we watched police beat protesters . we watched our government and employers fumble the most important task they 've been given in years . field hospitals and mass graves . covid fucked us all over , and we 're all exhausted . do n't feel bad for being worn down right now . just because it was a quiet , daily trauma does n't mean it was n't trauma . * good on yah for getting help . they 'll likely be more help than us internet dorks can be .
sometimes , from context and experience with that person .
for short facial hair : grow it full at first , then trim it evenly . things like oils is really up to you but not needed . long beard : a comb , brush , and trimmer are handy . do n't use any products in your beard .
i do both . and there is no rhyme or reason as to which one i may do .
hah ! same with being alone ! seperating me from other kids as punishment never worked , cuz i could always entertain myself alone
i 'm a cabinet door person . i can't figure out why either . i walk into the kitchen and five doors are open and i wonder who was controlling my body at that point in time
yeah .
r / dontcaresawboobs
and just here to say , i had my boyfriend read this and he was like " yeahhhhh exactly " lol but for the record i 've mentioned that it 's fine if you are busy just do n't leave me hanging or tell me if you do n't want to talk - . -
i too had this thought . and i pictured you peeing in the middle of the kitchen while talking to someone . then i said to myself no , that 's not right .
you get to see what kind of parent she already is . parenthood is huge for a lot of people , but we do n't really know what we 're going to be like - or what our partner will be like - until it happens . seeing that someone is already an amazing parent would be a huge plus for me . if she 's a good mom , she probably has her priorities sorted , knows how to nurture and be giving to others , and has a level of resilience and maturity , all important . if you like her kid and you guys make it for the long haul , you get to be a dad !
:expressionless_face:
quality of life
for me , i have to accomplish something . even if it 's a simple as catching up laundry , all the way to remodeling my bathroom . i just have to be productive in some way and i always feel better
being smart =/ = being wise .
smh
instead of “ i do n't even know ” , why not say “ a tool part , but it 's hard to explain ” ?
on a 1-5 scale , it 's about a 3 . consider your interests and their interests like a venn diagram . you want to have some overlap , so you have things to do for date night , and rainy days , and that sort of thing . but you also want some parts that do n't overlap , so you each have a life and interests outside the relationship . like , you want to have things to talk about , and personal growth that happens outside the ' you and i ' context , and just time apart , so having interests that your partner does n't share is almost mandatory . you want , maybe 30 % of your interests to overlap ? you do n't want them bothering you to come join some hobby you had before you met them , and likewise , you do n't want to be bothering them to occupy you when they do something they want to do .
all beards are different , read all of the advice , try it , and keep what works for you . it 's no different from hairstyles , one size definitely does not fit all .
sometimes i just do n't feel like talking . other times it 's the same question that she has asked me 10000000 0 times . other times its just the fact that she did n't ask it in a respectful manner . many times it 's just the fact that i am stressed out and my tinnitus is out of control and i can't hear her .
women do n't get pockets . men get useless pockets .
that wo n't work if there is another person in the house . suddenly the tools are theirs and only god knows where they are .
that 's never been an issue for me . i would imagine that they both just taste salty either way .
i think op is asking , how do you treat a girl that is a friend , without treating like a girlfriend .
r / askbetas
i go out and let off some steam .
poor / low class people do n't use it . they wear basketball shorts or sweat pants all day .
english language second .
the purpose of it is to cup your balls . it 's to leave a little bit of slack for your fuckin cock and balls
i can't grow a beard
did you buy plan b ? can't that make you miss your period or make it late . also abortions are illegal if you really do n't want the kid . to deal with anxiety just stay positive and use basic tips for dealing with anxiety . writing , meditating , working out , sleep .
life in general .
any restaurant food . pizza hut used to be good . now it 's cheap garbage .
bruh :skull:
if he asked me that , i 'd say no . i 'm bisexual , not polygamous . i 'd hope he 's monogamous too . i would n't be ok with him having a second partner so i 'd hope he would n't be ok with me having another one .
> it 's also an accepted theory that most men tend to only talk when we actually have something meaningful to say . like when somebody says that the wehrmacht in ww ii won the battle of france because they had better * tanks * , and i then explain in great detail that french and british tanks were actually superior in many ways , but the germans applied the principles of schwerpunkt and auftragstaktik , along with cas , and that these were the real decisive factors . i can explain this as long as you give me 1 hour uninterrupted .
i 'll never totally ignore , but i tend to be a pretty quiet guy and depending on my mood , a slight grunt or a head nod are responses that i will give to those types of questions . i 've had trouble in the past in these scenarios when i think that the person i 'm replying to can see me but they do n't see or notice my response .
> why are you tying a noose ? get down from there before you break the chair i was not mentally ready to come across this sentence mid-read and started laughing inappropriately during my work call . so thank you :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
depends on the pants i 'm wearing . basketball shorts , over the top . jeans , through the hole ... maybe . sometimes it 's not that easy to do .
flashing in public . shit gets me every time .
you should tell her about spicy banana phenomenon
video games . especially those made by big companies like ea and activision .
this is the way . the hole is for office peeing .
“ logical men of reddit ” :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing: :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing: :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
it 's not about having kids or not ! it 's the way they put it - it comes across as it that 's all they see in a relationship .
when she goes braless or wears a skimpy bikini
i typically go out for a pack of smokes and a gallon of milk / s
“ no , this is patrick . ” is the only response allowed here .
because sometimes she 's looking for a fight . you can tell by the following : loaded question . annoyed tone . an accusation in the question . rethorical .
get a grip , twat !
oh hell yea , just start using lovely and hun for girls , dude and bro for guys . save you trouble without being mean . if the person is question is trans , these still apply . anyone can be lovely !
getting a vasectomy .
gotta love it . end the relationship because you 're ignoring certain questions . i have to ask , do you end the relationship because you do n't like every aspect of your so ? part of ' love ' in my book is recognizing that people are flawed and that it 's okay to not like everything about another person , including certain behaviors . should i quit my job because there are certain people 's emails arrive in my inbox whose questions do n't really merit an answer , or i just do n't like them ? sure , i 'll deal with their question if i have to do so , but sometimes , the best thing to do is just to let the question go unanswered .
my partner sits and plays street fighter trying to grind for a trophy . he 'll sit there for ages in silence just trying to ace the combo hit . i 've seen him look at his phone when someone texts and literally forget it exists . he just prefers to be present with whatever he 's doing and genuinely forgets . said he wouldnt care if he did n't have a phone sometimes it a pain :grinning_face_with_sweat:
but there has to be a reason you developed this habit that you do n't think about . we 're you never taught that spitting is rude ?
25
i 've done this and not noticed until i went back into the bathroom and my clean clothes were still there ... truly a wtf moment
44 and not yet , thankfully !
maybe you do prefer the honest response . but that 's not what will drive a man to respond . it 's whether he thinks the woman 's subsequent response is worth going through .
you 're not alone , man . i 'm also a male verbal processor , and a 2 - day road trip of silence sounds like hell . you wanna go on a road trip with me ? we can visit and talk about historical landmarks and events in the country , we can nerd out about shows and movies , or we can have deep philosophical conversations .
op is asking : what is the line between girlfriend and just a " female friend " privileges ?
most boxerbrands have not had a front hole in many many years
bisexual does n't equate polygamous dude .
holy shit , my wife always announces that she has to pee and i 'm always like , “ okay ? ” and then when i get up to go pee , she 's like , “ where are you going ? ! ” every time lol . its cute , but a little annoying , especially when we have guests haha .
language english second .
sorry i do n't have an answer , but i just wanted to say that i have the exact same problem . i just feel angry when i exercise and then a bit depressed afterwards . maybe there 's some condition out there we both have ?
i do n't have an issue with that as a theory if you apply it evenly . however , it is apparently inappropriate and socially unacceptable to profile certain demographics . i 'd love to see consistency .
i do n't like this one . i 've been in the position of telling someone no when i could n't really say yes without negative repercussions ... but the reason is that the request is stupid and whoever is above me would n't be saying yes either . and maybe i do n't have the authority to say yes , but if i did the answer would still be no . i 've also been in the position where i do have the authority to tell you yes , but i 'm pissed off because you do n't deserve a yes in the first place and did n't listen to the first person you talked to .
pads / tampons same deal . i get it if you 're not comfy with it . but for many , myself included it 's much preferable . i never have to worry about running out of period products or really even changing it in public . it 's great .
check to see if they match the ones i 'm wearing .
as a woman i would say both of those things are sweet and kinda hot . a man who is a good dad is f-ing hot
no one even died wishing they worked more hours
brushing your teeth is another great example . if you just do n't feel like standing there the whole time and doing all that , at least put on the toothpaste and rub it around a little bit . can't bring yourself to get caught up on the laundry ? do one load .
potential strength and realised strength are two vary different things . strength is but one factor to consider .
the butterfly effect . i 'm not sure if that 's generally accepted as fact by most .
well wtf then ? ! you want me to stand there with it under the hot water for like ... 5 minutes or some shit ?
haha good question ! mine would have to be hair ties . find them absolutely everywhere .
if it 's too good to be true it probably is .
oh , i did not know that ! til .
our tendency to dehumanize people who are n't in our ingroup .
can i eat a moderate amount of xtreme flavored doritos whiile i excessively masturbate for a moderate amount of days throughout the year ?
i mean this in the nicest way possible ; but unless you went to an ivy league school or have some incredible connections , a philosophy degree would barely get you an interview for the maintenance department at a consulting firm . and further , have you really looked into the lifestyle of working in consulting ? there is a reason they make good money , and it definitely is n't because they get to enjoy a lot of free time and are n't under constant pressure . and law ... the market is incredibly over-saturated and the day-to-day of the job is quite miserable . if you want to make good money , there are far better options in this world . they might require another degree or a change in outlook , but there are plenty of much better options . as far as fatherly career advice ... find something that you are moderately intrigued by and find a company that will give you an opportunity . once you gain experience in the field , and once you show a willingness to learn and grow , you can almost climb that ladder as quickly as you are willing to progress and grow . a little caveat though : the " fast track " of career progression and climbing the ladder is most often achieved by bouncing from one company to another every 16-24 months while consistently applying for positions that are in line with what you currently do with a progression in responsibility and workload . there is a fair amount of uncertainty in this approach , but there are far more people who have done it this way than there are who have done so by sticking with the same company and them magically noticing your potential and jumping you up the ladder . sticking with the same company for a long period of time often provides a great bit of stability , but the climb up that ladder is slow , and the roles above you are most often outsourced hires than they are within .
focus on what you can control . i do n't actually do that but it was the best advice i 've ever gotten .
i cried at a lot as a kid and teenager and now i 'm so good at suppressing emotion i can't remember the last time i cried .
never lick it if you would n't stick it .
those stupid big ass puffy lips that are like perpetual duck face
0 % chance she would tell her best friends if i specifically say this stays between us . on the flip side , all of her friends and my friends know that basically any secret they tell us will be known by both of us as a partnership ( and we will not tell anyone outside of ourselves )
you dont unfortunately . born too late for that privilege .
channel the rage for your benefit . since you can't seem to get rid of it , make it an advantage . me personally , i have hit many of my prs using rage as a catalyst . do n't be afraid of it or why away from it , let your demons out , just learn to control them and have them come out when you want them to .
i used to save up for when the scholastic book fair people would come to school so i could buy a goosebumps book . i wish i still had the small collection from back then .
vicegrips ! never knew how i survived without them for so long .
back in college my boss at the place i was part timing had an nsx and to our disbelief he said he never got speeding tickets . we asked how that was possible since he did n't have a radar detector . his sage advice was simply " i drive with my eyes wide open " . subtle , but it obviously means more than literally keeping your eyelids up . it means having awareness of your surroundings , watching for indications of possible changes to a situation , and adjusting your actions proactively . i 've applied this to as much as i can ever since and to this day , i still hear him say that simple little sentence .
try all of canada . we 're all getting priced out and bidding wars $ 100k above or way more . very little to nil below 100k for property and rents are astronomical .
she was in my college orientation group , and the friend group we formed after orientation got pretty close . we had plenty of mutual attraction , but she felt she was too busy for a relationship . after 2 months of nothing , we got to talking about giving it a shot , and we did ! twelve hours later , though , she flew home for break . hardly felt like anything had changed over text , and after the week had passed and she had flown back , she told me she had thought about it more . she decided she had jumped into the decision and did n't want to hurt me by keeping it going any longer . we 're still close friends , but the lack of relationships in the time since has me wondering if i 'm over her or not . there is a * lot * i admire about her , and she feels very different to any other girl i met , but i do n't want to push it and cause problems in a perfectly good friendship .
if she 's gonna cheat , she 's gonna cheat . no matter what you do it will happen if she wants it . so do n't stress about wondering if she will cheat or not .
carlos danger
do n't be an idiot . changed my life ...
" you can't live a bad life and expect good things to happen to you " - arthur morgan
i 'd suppose that 'd be popular advice from people who are in varying degrees of medical distress . makes you think about what you 've accomplished with your life thus far .
formerly married , but my deal with my late husband was that i did all the cooking and he paid for takeout on the nights that i was too tired or busy to cook .
leaving every single light on or leaving the thermostat all the way up when no one is home .
not being able to carry a conversation while texting or actively working , also my adhd
never take criticism from someone you would n't go to for advice .
most underrated comment here
that guy was my favorite ! ! !
best advice i got was never take advice from anyone
let me guess . burley ?
“ 5 years from now , will this matter ? ” really stuck with me through petty high school drama and still rings true to this day .. if even a year from now , you 're not gonna remember that this even happened , it 's not worth putting all that energy and anxiety into
high school or college ?
it is . she sucks
omg . i can't unsee this .
do n't be stupid . saved my life . any time i think what a stupid person would do , i do the opposite . — dwight shrute — michael scott
suck his dick from behind
same , i 'm 5 ' 11 ” and the dating pool is shallow .
if you 're a new parent : when you 're changing a poopy diaper , the first baby-wipe should cover the shit . protects the baby 's bottom and your nose .
be polite , be professional , but have a plan to kill everybody you meet .
i do all of the cooking but she helps a ton with the preparation . i got on my own long before she did so i had to learn whereas she did n't . i 'm ok with that though . i actually really enjoy cooking .
same but not nearly as british ( or interesting sounding ) lol
they slap your face with a metal gauntlet while wearing a sword .
you 're not responsible for anyone else happiness . you 're only responsible for your own
at the gym and events and thru friends . the pandemic is winding down , it 's time to move on with life and stop hanging our antisocial attitudes on the pandemic
psychic .
piggyback question . is there an easy way to cook very healthhy and very easily and ok taste ?
if it smells like fish , eat all you wish . if it smells like cologne , leave it alone .
go with your gut
you 'd have to ask her .
about 90 % . i do less cleaning and helping kids with homework .
do n't tell the same joke twice at a party
bronco . jeep is on the top of the most unreliable list 2 years running now .
yes
so thin she looks ill . strong is beautiful
for being stubborn . turns out i am not stubborn i just dont comply or silence my values for the sake of ' keeping peace ' nor do i allow anyone to make me feel bad about them . you are allowed to have your own opinions and values but if you step on mine dont be surprised that i wont like it / will do or say something about it . ive always been this way and this is what i saw in my mother growing up . its only recently that i became proud of it .
the four agreements : a practical guide to personal freedom is a self-help book by bestselling author don miguel ruiz . copied from google but i would highly recommend the book to anyone looking for mindfulness .
love god and put him first so you can love people and be there for others wholeheartedly
its about 50/50 .
" do n't marry someone thinking you can change them "
50/50
i used to get really anxious and freak out whenever i made a mistake at work . then one day i worked with a manager at a location who told me that everybody makes mistakes , rather than worrying about the fact you made a mistake , focus on what you can do to correct that mistake and move forward . the mistake you 've made has already happened , so now all you can do is figure out " how am i going to get through it ? " . it 's stuck with me since and it 's something i tell all my new employees ( and even some upper management i 've gotten to work with ) whenever they make a mistake
what you 're doing is the correct thing to be doing . keep being blatant . saves the both of you time .
they call it “ experience ” .
is n't that like common sense ..
my dad has this sort of arrangment , me thinks he 's got the easier job . he 's also the intelligent one and does all the financial stuff though but .
you grow wiser , which is a strength in and of itself .
that sounds like it could work .
absolutely . at the very least their all narcissists .
“ it 's better to do something than to live with the fear of it ” ~ joe abercrombie
back when school library books still had sign out cards in them , i had the entire commander toad ( in space ! ) series signed out in my name both sides of the cards - 1994 to 95 . i loved that series so much .
if anything is worth doing , its worth doing well .
50-50 . we 'd split it , for example , one morning i make the bed and she cooks breakfast ... the next she makes the bed and i make breakfast , etc .
anything.im lonely .
" there 's never a good time to do something hard which needs doing . if you wait till you 're ready , its probably too late . "
that life is subjective reality . there is very little truths in social situations besides how the individual feels . people are at their worse when desperation sets in . you never know how far someone is willing to go until they are backed into a corner
once you turn 30 , you should never trust a fart .
42 and 0 .
wait , people actually learn the names of the pornstars they 're watching ?
i 'm loggin out ... so again as long as you do n't contact me we good . stop texting my phone move on like fr . i 'm not manipulating y'all just move on ! ! !
greed
pretty good . lived at a ski resort for 8 years .
purse with wheels lmaoooo :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing: :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing: :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
their alcohol drinking ability . i do not care how much you can drink or how fast you can drink it . and i 'm bisexual so this goes for both men and women . idc .
where ever you go , that 's where you are .
no flour , why would i need flour ?
always had a bag when single , gotta make pancakes !
thats what i just asked , fool . he made it sound like he was eating rice by itself as his meal . when i 'm eating rice it 's with all kinds of stuff . chicken veggies etc . if i ever ate it by itself i would most certainly not eat bland rice with no spices at all .
i bought one bag of flour when i moved in because i thought it was an adult thing to do and never opened it .
i am unsure how a bag of flour looks like
none
zero , i never have and i probably never will .
i always make sure i have both flour and corn starch .
2 bags , one of normal flour and one of spelt flour . i like to mix the two together when i make pancakes . im a pancake guy .
anyone in government .
not single and do n't live alone ( have a roommate , do n't live with girlfriend yet ) and i own one bag of flour that i 've had for a very long time and use for exactly one recipe that i do n't make very often
i keep a can of wondra in the pantry .
if you find a guy who is n't abusive , do n't start casting him in to that role because you are uncomfortable being in a non-abusive relationship .
her eyes , her lips
strange thing to have with gravy but i guess i 'll try it sometime .
i love baking but i have no flour
6 but i 'm a sourdough fanatic
i find that making work friends is easy because you already having a lot in common . as a trucker i 've made lots of friends at truck stops just by bitching about about the crap truckers have to deal with . out side of the job can be a little more tricky . you kinda just got to keep your eyes open to start a conversation with someone . about 95 % of the time it wo n't develop into a friendship but eventually if you talk to enough people something will happen . i know probably not the advice you were looking for but i hope it helps .
got an eighth in my pantry
that 's awesome . great to love yourself !
beer
i own one small bag of flour . i 've probably had it at least two years . i do cook from time to time , though .
very open , i 'm a [ son of odin ] ( HTTPURL ) and look it
not single , but i 'm pretty sure i have never bought a bag of flour in my life .
it 's called " compartmentalization " and men can usually do it a lot more easily than women . women can , but it 's more difficult for them to do . if i have bad day at work , i do n't take it out on my family at home . if i have an argument with my wife , i do n't take it out on my co-workers . this extrapolates to pretty much everything . if i 'm sad , i can turn it off in an instant if it 's getting in the way of something else . just as must as this trait baffles women , it baffles men why women can't ; it seems so easy to do .
half a bag of all purpose and just replaced a bread flour bag
i walk 3-4 miles a day , lift weights a couple times a week , and my diet is kinda shite tbh
one way street so never
i own one whole bag of flour , unopened since i moved in . someday i 'll make pancakes .
1 package ( 2,5 kilo ) for pancakes
i love how he phrased the question “ if you exclude all or these people , and all of these people , then nobody has this thing ” . well , if you do n't count people with hair , of course everyone is bald .
one small bag of flour . and one bigger 10 lb bag of complete pancake mix that i actually use more often .
uh . i have about 3lbs of all purpose , 4lbs of bread flour , and 6lbs of whole wheat flour . only that last one is in a bag . i like homemade bread .
2
i seriously thought he was talking about flowers
a roux is the base to so many sauces . everything from gravy to cheese sauce . the flour adds a subtle nuttiness to sauces or soups . cajun cooking utilizes a dark roux which adds an essential depth of flavor . mastering the roux is an essential cooking skill .
what 's flour ?
i have one and i go through it in about 2-3 months . i use it on chicken regularly . i just lightly coat the chicken with it to prevent the chicken from shrinking and to give it a bit of flavour when i pan fry it in a little bit of olive oil . highly recommend .
should be mandatory
i cook and i have a bag of flour , just rarely ever touch it because i do n't use it often so i might as well not have it . i 'm a very good cook , it 's always just gonna be me so i have to be .
even the take-and-bake or hot-and-ready pizzas from kroger are usually better and cheap af . not frozen pizza cheap , but definitely competing with the monetary and * time * cost of making yourself .
hahah ! thanks bro . i always feel 5 ' 11 until i 'm next to someone who is . then i feel 5 ' 4
i agree you should keep flour around , i am not sure what you are doing with it in an omelette .
1 bag
where are you from ? many americans ‘ bread ' their fish and chicken . i 'm a pretty good cook but i 'm no good at frying breading chicken . - can't ever get the oil temps to stay correct . but i try tmot to fry many foods to begin with .
idk exactly . we can't turn our emotions on or off but we can choose when to express them . i thought everyone could do that though . literally flipping emotions on or off at will sounds like its describing someone who is psychopathic .
bag ? none . i put it in one of those ceramic jars over a year ago , and have n't opened it up since . same with the sugar i got to make christmas cookies for myself in 2020 . ( i never made cookies ... )
i used to have one but then i moved and threw it out . i currently live out a hotel and lack of flour is the least of my problems .
no flour
i have one small bag of multi grain flour . enough to last two weeks of poli / rotis . this is for when i have time to cook properly . four rotis take about 40 mins . so i need to time it accordingly .
umm ... what do you need flour for ?
it 's frustrating to see your comments , your disregard for the science and the patient people in this thread that have taken the time to explain it to you . the fact that you think you have it all figured out based on your personal conclusions .
sometimes they still get full of energy and want to do stuff so i tell them no ! i like saying no , it lowers their enthusiasm .
i feel absolutely nothing . good for them though .
have n't looked in the cupboard for a while , but i 'm pretty sure there 's a bag of all purpose floor , a bag of rye flour , a bag of gluten free flour , maybe some rice flour ? also have probably four types of whole grains stocked up .
yes , especially during unprepared confrontation . my flight / fight response triggers too heavily and i will freeze / tear up when trying to argue . it 's definitely related to childhood trauma since i was n't always like this , but also i generally have a strong sympathetic nervous system response , period .
zero
sadly in my country it 's illegal . the state prefers the partner or ex , depending on the situation , of the mother to pay child support so the state does n't have to pay it if the real father is " unknown " .
idk about this . i get super angry very easily and there is no switch to stop it .
no you do n't . you can make pancakes with bananas , flour , and salt
0 but i do have corn starch .
i cook , so i do own flour . but when i did n't , why would i own flour ? anything i want to use the flour for i can just go out and buy . it is not like they are expensive . well , my main source of carb is rice , so maybe that is why . i always have a bag of rice .
cause the meritocracy is a farce .
just one , and it 's almost certainly very expired .
i 'm a single dude who lives alone . i do n't own any flour : i do n't bake . i cook - steak , boeuf bourgignon , coq au vin , bibimbap . and i make kimchi . but i do n't like sweets enough to make them myself - when i want them , i go to the store to buy brownies or pie . never really had a * need * for flour except occasionally as a thickener for certain kinds of stew ; if i 'm making a stew that needs it i buy flour then .
why would you own flour , i agree with him
i 'm 50 . i may 've owned one or maaaayyybe two bags of flour in my entire life .
get rid of my misophonia
boobs are good stress relievers lol . i imagine an implant would be as well . lol
a lot of my heritage is french and indian , most my family lives around bossier city , i grew up around baton rouge and lake charles areas , my mom is an outstanding cook , and i 've had an interest in cooking since i was a kid . i used to say i was gonna be a gourmet chef when i grew up , i 'm not but i still enjoy cooking lol
damn . down here you could go to pretty much any town and find a job in multiple different trades . a-lot of them with little-to-no experience . i 'm in kind of a small niche that i do n't really consider a “ trade ” but even my job has 10ish jobs open at any given time .
no one out here making mac and cheese , pizza and fried chicken from scratch ? your missing out especially homemade fried chicken .
this is the way . you explained it better than i did .
i am married and bake as a hobby i own 200lbs of flour at a given time .
2 unopened 1 open . all are all purpose
gravy ?
anyone and everyone who is paid less than $ 25 / h with the option for full time and benefits .
while we can agree to disagree on the stats ( as we 've both pulled them out of our asses anyway ) the weird thing i 've noticed is that once i started to use oil vapes for a few months then quit , my withdrawals with much , much worse than ever quitting before . i 'm not sure if it 's because the thc is so dense in the oil or what , but it sucked major ass .
i have none . i only ever buy it when i 'm making my chocolate chip cookie cheesecake
1
the what now ?
i own 4kg flour
i have maybe anywhere between 1 and 2.5 kg of flour , in paper bags . i do not cook as a hobby , but when i force myself to cook , occasionally i might make something like a cake , or oatcakes .
i have a bag . i do n't know how long it 's been there . possibly long enough to grow it 's own muffins .
i can't say i 'm surprised but that is mildly depressing
me , too .
... what do you do ? that sounds like it could be pleasant .
i make chicken burgers and hash brownies . 1/2 bag of flour in the cupboard .
zeasorb
i have one . so i got that going for me , which is nice .
i do n't bake so i have all of 0 bags . i got rid of nearly all the baking supplies after my ex and i split . i keep a few things around that have cooking applications . no roommates so i do n't even have a need to antique anyone . ( yes , it 's a need )
i 'm not alone but i 'm sure if i asked my friends they would likely say no
yes , i have this . once i am not a priority in her life , or am betrayed , i shut off my emotions for her . it takes away any remaining power she has . i did this with a girl i care for very , very much this week because she was treating me like trash , so i 'm done .
none . i barely bake . i do have a giant box of bisquick though
never bought flour . i mean , what do you even do with it ! ?
if my insurance would get their head out of their ass i would be starting on trt myself so my curiosity is piqued .
ok , over generalized statement was over generalized . flour is still a staple you should have on hand for cooking a whole lot of things .
sexy ping pong time !
step is not really incest
lmao ! ! it 's tough , like as a parent you have to let everything go or just put it aside . everything is for the kids and their happiness . i hope you 're doing well though .
can relate . i edge for like 20 mins and it shoots like it would hit the ceiling . have to cover the head from the other hand .
this sums it up for me .
i follow my dreams . if that 's what you mean . it 's not the most secure conventional option . i know that . but i do n't care . it makes me happy . pursuing a business i do n't think is a bad aspiration . also artistic endeavor .
do n't listen to that person . they 're a socialist .
every single day , several times over . he 's rather amazing .
i do n't need an excuse .
once dated a rape counsellor who was super into bdsm and rape role play . wanted me to degrade her , call her a stupid whore and have rough sex with her . spit in her mouth , fuck her against a wall and tell her i was going to impregnate her and how worthless she was . super pretty , but crazy as fuck . i just wanted comfortable with the level of degradation she wanted .
never ever
the fact i automatically sang that as “ i want you to want me ” by cheap trick
this reminds me of the post where a professional photographer got nudes from his model friend , after she had a photo shoot somewhere else . he thought he was supposed to edit the pictures and send them back , even though they actually were supposed to be just for him to look at . the girl was very upset but as far as i remember they figured out that it was just a massive misunderstanding
simple . no savage . ask there favorite wine ? and invite them to enjoy it at a place of your choice . works with food too lol :hundred_points:
9/10 right now including personality
i bet it was a gas .
if a lass calls me " daddy " i am out
probably should say something to her then , if that 's her two closest friends that sort of behaviour is just gonna spread to her .
oh trust me i know . i 'll never forget those hard times . let alone she put me through it .
" can you quack like a duck as we fuck "
how do you know you 're not interesting or are annoying ? has someone told you this ? if so , you might just not click with them , does n't mean there 's anything wrong with you . time to put distance between you and look for friends who are more in tune with you , i think .
nah let em hang
a . yuck . b . yuck . also a close c yuck .
meh . currently going through a break up ...
lonely
well said
“ full lightning bolt through my slit . after class there were snail trails in my seat - i mean nobody should 've sat in that chair - it was damp . ”
could be better
tailored suit .
they liked it when i degraded them with words like “ bitch ” and “ slut ” , but i went too far when i said , “ you like that , you fucking retard ? ”
your submission was removed by a computer . this could be for a number of reasons , most of which are summarized in the rules text on the right . in most of these cases , the computer is right , and we will not overturn its decision . if you have re-read your question and still think this is a failure of the automated filter , message us with an actual reason as to why the computer is wrong . if you just say that you think the computer is wrong without any reasoning , we will ignore you . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
search engine optimization duder it 's all money
so right ! i wondered if i was the only one to think of this . i jope this is at least in a future version . dick v . 2.2 . 1 will have instant on , expandomatic auto size adjustment , internet of good things , 5 speeds including a silent but deadly vibe mode , flavor enhancement , and a teeth warning alert for her . but the manual is unreadable and bluetooth is still buggy .
what if we had common friends and sometimes we hangout in group ?
one time my ex girlfriend accused me of saying my sister 's name while banging . and she was insistent and would n't drop it . i was insistent that i did not . because i did n't . then she started laughing . i was not amused . killed the moment .
you 'd get * it * , even without the medal .
if her mom is in any way involved in the laying out of her panties
when you break out the sock puppets to do your dirty talk .
crunchy obviously . anyway , welcome to manhood , where saying " hi " is n't enough but also do n't put too much effort in otherwise it 's weird / nerdy / trying too hard
i want to lick your body ... when it 's covered in mud
your submission was removed by a computer . this could be for a number of reasons , most of which are summarized in the rules text on the right . in most of these cases , the computer is right , and we will not overturn its decision . if you have re-read your question and still think this is a failure of the automated filter , message us with an actual reason as to why the computer is wrong . if you just say that you think the computer is wrong without any reasoning , we will ignore you . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
this guy does n't get nrbs ( no reason boners ) .
3 times .
yo i 'm taking it day by day man , some of it i 'm doing great and then others i feel like i have 0 personality . it 's awesome of you to ask . how 're you ? and if you can't get back because there are 1mil other comments then just know i 'm sending you that good juju
to disagree ?
do n't try to put a finger in my ass . no teeth . spit .
i 'm an introvert . it 's the same as anyone else really .
a lot of my friends do n't watch sports . i hate them for it .
i 'd like to hear some of this music too if you do n't mind .
i think it 's not about becoming nihilist but i 'm pretty close to what is described in that book of " subtle art of not giving a fuck " . life 's got less stressful and easier after waving off uneccessary concerns .
your submission was removed by a computer . this could be for a number of reasons , most of which are summarized in the rules text on the right . in most of these cases , the computer is right , and we will not overturn its decision . if you have re-read your question and still think this is a failure of the automated filter , message us with an actual reason as to why the computer is wrong . if you just say that you think the computer is wrong without any reasoning , we will ignore you . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
the maryland ___
i choose only wealthy friends . i 'm a scum and a leech and a gold digger all rolled into one .
redskins
you 're really annoying but i still want to have sex with you
wow ! mood killer .
just unfriend / block me on social media . done .
being left on read
napoleon dynamite and hot fuzz .
i honestly do not understand why almost every gay guy i have been friends with finds my boobs fascinating . i 'm big chested but not that big !
you 're the best big brother i could have ever asked for .
dude , why would anyone wanna block out during intercourse ? unless you 're the type that enjoys abuse during sex . now that 's f'ing weird , even creepy . and saying things like “ i wanna f your brains out or i wanna f the ish out of you , is a turn off !
strip club ? i 'm much too wholesome , i only go to clubs where the women strip down and show me their personalities . a naked personality is much more fulfilling than a naked body .
roll
ooh which part ? :eyes:
yeah this pisses me off . i date people who grew up without internet and smartphones so they do n't even have an excuse
does daddy want a ( insert any sex act ) :face_vomiting: 😵‍💫 :flushed_face:
shield and knife
jeff bezos
your submission was removed by a computer . this could be for a number of reasons , most of which are summarized in the rules text on the right . in most of these cases , the computer is right , and we will not overturn its decision . if you have re-read your question and still think this is a failure of the automated filter , message us with an actual reason as to why the computer is wrong . if you just say that you think the computer is wrong without any reasoning , we will ignore you . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
exhibit b . lol
damn , that descibes a quite a few nurses i work with . i 've managed to avoid them for the last 15 years
lol " i 'm givin'er all she 's got cap'n " ! " i do n't have the pow'rrrr " ! ! !
leave me ... preferably atleast alone for a while .
well i never thought about till now lmao the dick bending
pretty good , kinda tired but all is well .
yes
the subreddit r / suddenhimym does not exist . maybe there 's a typo ? consider [ * * creating a new subreddit * * r / suddenhimym ] ( / subreddits / create ? name = suddenhimym ) . - - - ^ ( :robot: this comment was written by a bot . beep boop :robot: ) ^ ( feel welcome to respond ' bad bot ' / ' good bot ' , it 's useful feedback . ) ^ [ github ] ( HTTPURL ) ^ | ^ [ rank ] ( HTTPURL )
did she actually get pregnant ?
aw this is wholesome .
i love fitness and working out . would love to play a casual game of basketball , soccer , or flag football in the park . but i do n't care for professional sports in anyway really .
cheeks man
okay , so there 's a thing called bug chasing
r / suddenhimym
like we would n't all make fun of their logo and mascot .
i cant believe nobody has realized this is an avatar reference
idc whatever she calls me .
i know that kind of tired . go to bed exhausted , you can sleep for 12 hours and you 'll wake up just as exhausted as you were when you went to bed .
yep , it 's called feminism .
' hi honey yes im just doing the grocery shopping . i 'll be home soon '
your submission was removed by a computer . this could be for a number of reasons , most of which are summarized in the rules text on the right . in most of these cases , the computer is right , and we will not overturn its decision . if you have re-read your question and still think this is a failure of the automated filter , message us with an actual reason as to why the computer is wrong . if you just say that you think the computer is wrong without any reasoning , we will ignore you . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i 'm optimistic , i will die young and this suffering will end
not at all
* banjo starts playing *
you do n't . you hardly hold it together and hang on by a thread . balance ? no . your existence sucks . embrace it .
youngest of a large family . no money for college , my parents had lost their jobs in the 2012 bubble burst and we had downsized to a really sketchy area . had a 3 quarter ride but didnt have enough to make the rest happen and was capped on available loans and grants . did my time and got out . used benefits to help me finance a home and go to college after .
i feel you , had a similar experience where she tried to get me off by hand and her grip was too firm to put it mildly . also made me stop her . one reason i still remember it is , that just before it she whispered " you will like it " into my ear . turned out , i dislike when my noodle i handled like a stress ball
it 's a good opportunity for a job , and in the us the benefits are very good . also , a lot of jobs in the military are n't dangerous so you 're not really putting yourself at much risk . some people also do n't really care or find that exciting . i joined the military recently because i needed a job , and the benefits are good . before joining i did n't have very good prospects . i think it 's the same for a lot of people . college is n't really a viable option for many people in the us due to its cost , and it also does n't guarantee that you get paid or find a job . working a bunch of shitty minimum wage jobs is also a lot worse than being in the military , i would much rather stay than go back to doing that .
your submission was removed by a computer . this could be for a number of reasons , most of which are summarized in the rules text on the right . in most of these cases , the computer is right , and we will not overturn its decision . if you have re-read your question and still think this is a failure of the automated filter , message us with an actual reason as to why the computer is wrong . if you just say that you think the computer is wrong without any reasoning , we will ignore you . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
well if you put it like that ... :grinning_face_with_sweat:
> by turning a woman down . he wad playfully flirting , that 's why he turned her down
clearly .. you .. have n't ... seen / heard / know ... the joke .
your submission was removed by a computer . this could be for a number of reasons , most of which are summarized in the rules text on the right . in most of these cases , the computer is right , and we will not overturn its decision . if you have re-read your question and still think this is a failure of the automated filter , message us with an actual reason as to why the computer is wrong . if you just say that you think the computer is wrong without any reasoning , we will ignore you . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
the 2011 tohoku earthquake / tsunami / nuclear meltdown .
the problem is that this is n't equality . how many of those men are non-hetero , something you did n't even leave the possibility open for ? how many of them are single dads ? you have no idea , and instead have made a bunch of assumptions that they 're the primary breadwinner of a hetero household and that they therefore do n't do the majority of the child rearing , and therefore do n't need any support or assistance . this is n't equality , it 's just perpetuating the same gender roles . it 's why so many men are reluctant to become stay at home dads , because they get assumed to be lazy because their role is supposed to be to make more money . it 's why there have been so many incidents of men getting harassed or have the cops called on them when they 're with their own kid without a mother around , because people assume " man with kid , just be an abuser " because we do n't even make space for the possibility of men taking care of children .
it 's a short list . primates , racoons , koalas , and possums maybe chameleons and certain tree frogs , depending on your definition .
kept sterile ? oh , you mean like rinsing it under the faucet and putting it back on the shelf ? yeah , i do that .
judging men by their height judging men in general . its okay if you 're not attracted to him but the insults are unnecessary also stop trying to take advantage of them . get your own job and pay for your own shit , stop using men that you know you do n't care about
we definitely exist , but were very good at hiding so even i would n't know where to look
make a fb dating account . free and easy . i get several matches a week . all crazy , true , but whatever . i bet if i were younger and better looking i 'd do even better lol
for number 3 , i am just worried about girls without any retirement plans at all . it seems like a lot of girls do n't know how they plan for when they are older .
like you are tiptoeing around a bad act . like you murdered someone or cheated on your wife and had to explain it in court . ‘ on the day of the incident i did 3 rails of coke , then put on my suit ... '
you 're currently contradicting yourself . your original comment stated that creeps need to be put in their place and if they do n't understand it 's not going to be a yes they should n't even bother you . you waited a long time to bring up that you try to be polite first , which makes me feel as though your initial comment is more accurate . i 'm very well aware of how many men react poorly to an initial polite but rejection type response . i 'm also a female . i 'm just a female who recognizes that they 're shooting their shot because they 're lonely or looking for something to fill a void in their life , whether or not they realize it . and if they get belligerent or persistent , that 's when it 's time to bring out the big guns . there 's no need in life to be brash to someone who , realistically , is paying you a compliment . even if it is in their own effed up manner .
nah brah she just mogging u
maybe something like " nah you 're just short "
if their golf balls are very clean or have a nice logo on them , you can compliment them for that i guess . i actually happen to have pressed logo 's on golf balls for my job once or twice .
same . i get super antsy if i have n't worked out for more than a couple of days .
the 2012 alien attack on new york
because it 's like watching someone working customer service they 're pretending to be nice and interested but they are ( both guys and women ) looking over their shoulder for their shift to end .
i know this is askmen and i 'm a woman but another one is giving a guy a bj is wayyyyy more difficult the bigger he is . unfortunately he 's going to get more accidental teeth scrapings and a girl who 's constantly gaging herself .. usually they do n't get them as long because of this
wow i did n't know this was a thing lol
i would never let her use my razor - mby used blade if she would really want .
a humpback whale
ok , can someone please explain to me why people think they need to join the military for discipline and pride like wtfffffff lol ? ? ?
beyblades ?
if it was a one night stand it was for a reason . i did not see enough of of a reason to continue to chase her and therefore i do n't care .
you can do it super cheap ! an old 5 galon water jug , a balloon , and several cans of welch 's concentrate can make gallons of sweet red .
so not too long after the post i ended up receiving a job offer at a big name hospital that has a program to pay for grad level or doctorate level education . i lucked out in that regard , so never got to talk to a recruiter or anything .
hi , your post has removed because we suspect you are trying to figure out a person 's specific actions or thinking , or asking for guidance in a specific situation , which is prohibited . for advice , visit / r / advice or / r / relationship_advice . if you have any questions , please feel free to [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL ) have a nice day !
jumping into new relationships without taking the time to heal first . being a whore when trying to get “ revenge ” on a guy . blaming personal insecurities on men ( make up , fake lashes , ect ) lack of accountability . modern feminism
yes dude . we say it cos we mean and and feel it . dismissal is so of putting to express
hi , your post has removed because we suspect you are trying to figure out a person 's specific actions or thinking , or asking for guidance in a specific situation , which is prohibited . for advice , visit / r / advice or / r / relationship_advice . if you have any questions , please feel free to [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL ) have a nice day !
thinking a good price is reason enough to buy something
that it 's easy to dance and we are just dicks for not wanting to dance . the male body is more machine than art form . when we get the machine running in full dance mode , women stop , stare and leave .
hi , your post has removed because we suspect you are trying to figure out a person 's specific actions or thinking , or asking for guidance in a specific situation , which is prohibited . for advice , visit / r / advice or / r / relationship_advice . if you have any questions , please feel free to [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL ) have a nice day !
i just wallow in self pity till i get embarrassed for wallowing in self pity
when she reveals to me her intelligence is far below what i need in a partner .
how long does it take to see results ?
having your mom and sister calling me all the damn time
this also happens with women to men HTTPURL there should be a whenmenrefuse because if you a pos that does n't relate to male or female .
where do i find guys like you ?
girls that play hard to get are n't worth chasing bro
a chipmunk . i dunno , man , i just think they might be stronger than they look ...
i 'm 5 ' 10 " and i knew a guy who was 7 " 2 ' . i 'd call him titch and he 'd call me lofty .
still probably easier for a male that an average female
golf balls .
if you do n't want to you 're probably on the asexual spectrum . but if you want to and do n't know how ... ummmm ... try the internet .
i have a genuine hatred for anything peanuts are involved in creating .
i have n't name called or insulted anyone my friend
so like , what even happened
stds are n't exactly “ injuries , ” fyi .
need more context than this . ultimately she 's her own person though . you can talk through your reasons and apologise but it 's her decision unfortunately .
yeah , i do n't think i could ever have a respectable beard . but , on the plus side , there is no male-pattern baldness in my family . i 'll take a full head of hair over a beard .
lmao next time you have something to say about anything other people are commenting , remember to just “ cope ” . it 's a forum . for discussion and people putting in their two cents . i 'm sitting on the shitter , this is no skin off my ass , i 'm not losing any sleep here , just adding to the discussion . do n't be an idiot . if you do n't want to witness people chiming in , do n't expose yourself to public forums . cope .
i obviously do n't , the word is a horrible nasty video game and i 'm sick of playing it .
doing things for others inherently means youre out there meeting and interacting with people .
also this , they always say stuff like " you must be dominating the basket ball court " i barely play but i just say " ye " and laugh it off
you shaved these so well .
a gorilla
when my girlfriends attacker got in and drove off in a car . i yelled out , “ ill fuck you up maan ” omg the rush
a tiger shark . you send that fist into a shark 's face you ain't getting that fist back .
bear
strictly fists ? a human sized mantis shrimp . hell , a larger than average mantis shrimp .
dear god , another snowflake who thinks the world is all sparkles and unicorns , the reason people serve is so that morons like yourself can carry on spouting bollocks on the internet . go to afghanistan and ask the people there who they would rather have controlling their country .
you do realise this subreddit is called ‘ ask men ' where you can ask for men 's opinions on subjects / situations . if you do n't want to give your opinion why are you replying to my post ?
strangely enough , homo deus by yuvah noah harari made me more interested in science , history and when philosophy ... and it increased my desire to read and learn various sciences and about some historical periods , which also indirectly made me read and eventually write some of my own poetry ... it 's a captivating book that really gave me a gateway into better thinking and learning .
the snap
which animals even have fists ? do you mean brits ?
i unsubed / unfollowed all of my nsfw pages and users . seeing those on here when alone and bored would send me down the rabbit hole . need to make a change and yesterday was the time do it . i can now browse freely on my feed and not have to have random naked people show up
video games , figurines , displates , anime conventions , swords and more games .
badgers . they are nothing but rage and spite .
for me it 's always been because of the masculine and feminine part of writing
good luck man , hope it 's nothing
gonna need a bit more info there my dude .
fuckin hell i need to find my chart again . gimme a minute .
asking the men in their lives to do things . do it yourself i 'm tired and i just got comfortable .
oh do n't even get me started
gonna need a lot more context here .
op did n't say " all women " , he just said " women " , dummy
im pretty sure you can wank normally if circumcised
is there more information ? what injury ? why does she want to seperate because of it ?
sure but i do n't think this is what you are describing
that 's odd ... my friends never have asked me ever when i last masturbated ...
emotional manipulation
true i love sex and everything surrounding it but mostly the foreplay and absolutely it 's the enthusiasm that love most . sex by itself honestly becomes unappealing
we 'll never be equal , were different and have so many opposite strengths for a biological reason . i do n't mind if women want to spout equality personally , it lets me know where their head is at .
slow down buddy , they just offered you a hug ! you probably need to buy them dinner first if you want anything more .
remembering every little thing they do n't like , did n't like or i did when we are having an argument
because almost every man has a sex drive and needs to masturbate on a regular basis . the fact that you do n't is a remarkable peculiarity .
depends what that one thing is though . if it 's an addictive behavior , that will become more than one thing in time and people tend to drag the other down rather than up . there 's a lot of picking battles in relationships ( or in my case avoiding them at all cost , to the detriment of everyone ) but if you 're actually happier with someone than without , and you have hobbies so you 're not just 100 % needy , just keep swinging the rod out there and maybe something 'll bite . give yourself the best chance tho , whether that 's eating right , working out , whatever makes you feel you at your best . good luck dude
i do n't know how to show interest without looking or sounding desperate . :(
daddy issues
i would not remain friends with them .
and if you only think with your labido , you might want to get your brain checked . i 'm thinking you ate too much heavy metal or something . it 's not about testosterone or being a " man " . it 's about class and self worth .
depends on what style of pizza . chicago style deep dish or stuffed is n't as easy to pick up and eat .
women do not care for you . they only care for what you can provide next . they will jump ship in a heartbeat and anything you provided in the past is irrelevant .
honest question , are you attractive to her ? if you wanna get laid more from your wife hit the gym , get a fresh hair cut , wear cologne , e . t . c . if you 're already sexy as realistically possible you may want to think about getting a divorce because fuck not getting laid .
i have always been somewhat of an extrovert . so it helped for sure lol
word
i was going to get the mirena but too many people i know said it was hell then i wanted the implant but i had 4 friends who said needed surgery from it that it messed them up bad i do n't do the condoms because they irritate me bad and i end up breaking out he has no problem but we just pull out instead
yes . if you are only hooking up then you may have more partners , but less skill than if you had only one partner that fucked you 3 times a week . you dont master your golf swing by going to 20 courses over 10 years . you master your swing by going to one course 20 times in one month . then even if its 5 years until you get a swing in your far better off on your 2d course than you would be on your 21st .
my 8 " wusthof classic . solid , unfussy work knife that 's served me for years .
cringe
i can't stand it either . i have to check if there 's gonna be one of these scenes before i watch a movie that has " sexual violence " . it 's sickening .
i have goals and refuse to not achieve them .
can't comment in there . i guess i got banned . lol
pissing on eachother :face_with_tears_of_joy: like what do you gain ?
i know i 'm just kidding you
no one gives a shit about you
i go 3-4 times a week . i 'm at the gym by 5:15 am . i 'd like to go more but my joints just can't take it anymore .
i wish there were safe services . thinking about getting a sex doll . like a high end one . she 'll never say no and hopefully it feels as real as the real thing .
honestly would depend on the situation . likely would buy him a drink .
nothing wrong . sex with strangers is often shallow and sometimes even gross . last time i tried going down that route , mid way “ all ” i could think of was ___ .
so , like love ?
your submission was removed by a computer . this could be for a number of reasons , most of which are summarized in the rules text on the right . in most of these cases , the computer is right , and we will not overturn its decision . if you have re-read your question and still think this is a failure of the automated filter , message us with an actual reason as to why the computer is wrong . if you just say that you think the computer is wrong without any reasoning , we will ignore you . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
this guy fucks 👆🏻
money
no . society 's " patriarchy " and general advertisement and portrayal of non-affectionate male figures in the media .
that 's what aftercare is for . i cant imagine enduring that and then walking away like nothing happened
tombstone ; open range ; the good , the bad , and the ugly
" no matter how drunk she gets , she wo n't let me bang you , buddy . have a good night .
sleeping with strangers was fun . but it ain't no mo . love and loyalty is where it 's at now . sex is cheap . you can not buy loyalty .
can i ask an obvious question ? how long does it take a woman to master the art of pleasuring a man ?
yeah . this is the most alpha way possible hahaha . and speak to your date about it , joke with her about how easy it is for girls to get drinks etc etc . she 'll love it ... shows you just get it
i wish i had no sex drive . then i would n't need anyone .
put yourself out there . say yes more . make yourself as visually appealing to the opposite sex as possible - and you will find what you seek , eventually . alas , the grass is nearly always greener on the other side . someday you 'll reminisce about when you were single . in the meantime , learn to love your own company and remember that only boring people get bored .
loool i would love that but all ppl want is sex . i crave deeper things . most ppl live for the now . i want to experience the now too but i also want to work for the future . idk maybe i 'm weird but i know what i want and so far no one has reached my standards . but thank you i will keep that in the back of my mind :) )
what question needs to stop being asked on here ?
bowling and corn hole
he best thing i have learnt is to be empathetic to every living being even if you do n't get the same back . it makes you more satisfied and happy when you see others happy / smile . everyone has some sh * t they are going through . try and be more compassionate . also , do n't expect anything in return . that 's not empathy . that 's manipulation . when i say be empathetic to everyone that includes yourself too . so try and feel for yourself and meet your needs on your own too .
no , he 's saying “ his ” terical
honestly , that my attraction is n't seen as unnatural and just normal
massive disappointment probably , i 'm the total opposite of who i was when i was younger .
wait to see if she takes it . if she does there wo n't be another date .
well i 'm guessing only people that have one hot woman ask them , would do that . along the lines of it barley happens , so you take advantage of the opportunity .
this is the main reason why men stop caring about anything but especially the one that prevents it .
as a teen ? countless times . done the folder / backpack / underwear-band hide more times than i could count . however , here 's a time that was something quite different . at 15 in the mid - 90 ' s , i 'd just moved across the country and was starting a new school . at this time , my parent had switched me from briefs to boxers and the lack of support was ... something of an adjustment . a group of us kids had the same stop , so as the bus dropped us off , we 'd walk as a group and splinter off as we neared our homes / streets . as i 'm taking those big steps down off the bus , i * slip * into the one of the legs of my boxers and between my thighs . it 's a little uncomfortable , but no big deal : i can endure it until i get home . shortly after we all start walking , it quickly becomes obvious that a certain part of me is * responding * to this new bit of friction from every step that i take . so i 'm trying to keep my mind off of it , focus on the conversation - * anything * else . had i lived a short distance from the bus stop , it 'd be no problem . but i had half a mile to go . so i drift to the rear of the group and try to do that crabwalk thing like when you have a wedgie . no go . then i try to feign tying my shoe , but they wait up for me . it becomes evident that there 's no way for me to fix this without reaching an entire hand down my pants , and there 's no way of doing this - in public - without being noticed by my new schoolmates . i would just have to endure . so we 're walking , the other high schoolers are talking , joking , one-by-one peeling off for their homes as usual . meanwhile , i 'm off in my own world . i 'm thinking about car accidents . port-a-potties . eye surgeries . anything at all to will away what is happening in my pants with every step . " dear god , do n't let me be known as the new kid who bust inside of his pants . " something else i had n't realized until it was happening was that , as the group got smaller , more attention would be on me . by the point it was me and one other kid left , i was truly struggling to maintain composure . i 'm sweating . i 'm biting the inside of my cheek . they ask what 's wrong , and i pass it off as an upset stomach . they seemed to buy this story and before long , we wave as they cross the street to head to their house . my house in sight , and while the group was gone , i was still in public with cars , etc . going up and down the street . " i 've come this far , maybe i can make it . " i did n't . so ... after catching my breath and the spots and flashes faded from my eyes , i picked myself up from where i 'd dropped onto a knee , and spent the last couple hundred feet holding my backpack at waist level ; rummaging through it for my dignity .
wish more men were like you to be honest ! 🤷🏼‍♀ do n't feel bad at all .
it often happens that people label something friendship , but the expectations are closer to dating / courting / relationship . i would suggest you start moving on because there 's a good chance he already has . " friendship may , and often does , grow into love , but love [ rarely \ subsides into friendship " - lord byron
my dad has had three girlfriends in his life . the first one was my mother , she is and was an attractive women and in healthy shape . his last two girlfriends however were not attractive at all . i do n't say this out of spite , he even said to me himself he did n't find these women visually attractive , he found them attractive in the ways that mattered . he never resented any of them .
it 's definitely a fetish ... some of them just are n't ethical
i 've had 2 plus a reversal . so 3 i guess . the reversal was worse than the vasectomys . do n't make my mistake by changing your mind after you 're cut and deciding you and your wife want another . do n't get me wrong , the little boy it gave us was worth every ounce of discomfort and every penny the reversal costed . but it still sucked doing it more than once . lol
this is a never ending battle . sometimes i get my way and sometimes i do n't . i just tell my wife that i need to get it out or i 'm going to explode .
let him buy it , when the waitress brings it you drink it and stare at him .
" what , so i 'm not good looking enough for you ? "
money , i live in a 3rd world country , just having a little more money can help me to live my life , not just survive ! i know money can't buy everything , but i know it can help
the computer flagged this as a frequently asked question . use the search bar . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
a film called “ city of life and death ” about the japanese invasion of nanking in 1937 - basically the whole thing . terrifying what humans are capable of .
ask if he 'll buy you one too
i just asked you to define what sex is so i can apply it to my past partners
like wanting to have something really badly to the point it affects your mood negatively if you do n't have it , seeing it right in front of your face , but not being able to have it . pretty much the food metaphor . unfortunately she 's probably one of those people who just will not get it unless she actually has to experience the feeling of being deprived of something . but even if that happens she will probably never see eye to eye with you on sex .
this is unironically healthy , grown adult behavior . the ease of access of new ideas , and / or the greater exposure to them is allowing people to connect with others without needing to get their ego 's involved as much , so behavior like you 're exhibiting will become more common place . or i think just the acceptance of hearing it expressed in general will be . overton window type of stuff , but in a way that men are opening up to ideas that you do n't have to be a walking dick constantly ejaculating to be considered a " man " . not that you ever did , but it 's less weird to express feelings like this out loud . imo of course . not trying to state this as a fact . my experience growing up in the 90 ' s - 2000 ' s was hearing i was gay for not trying to bang every girl i interacted with lol
so you are saying it 's maybe because i am young and inexperienced rather than a physical problem ?
very true . i stand by the claim that it 's better to tell the truth always and deal with the consequences head on rather than lie and live with the anxiety that i might get caught one day
fuck what other people think / say . you do you ! :face_blowing_a_kiss:
pretty stoked that i can afford all the video games i want , disappointed when i tell him i dont play half the games i buy and i no longer aim to 100 % every game i play .
airplanes work . next week it is .
would n't know . i know of no one that has been “ in love ” with me and i lack friends
i feel that i am like this , i feel that i could only ever find attractive people i already know as friends . but dating friends is also a no-no , so like what the fuck do i do ?
i could go my whole life without sleeping with a girl . i just want someone to come home to after a long day of work .
food good food
he is probably concerned about him leading you on or the situation may be awkward . he 's probably worried about making the situation harder on you . talk to him about it and tell him he 's not going to make it harder ... that him distancing himself is making it worse .
this is a reason why some men stop caring
there 's like a whole science behind it apparently ... still kinda weird tho
nothing wrong with it whatsoever . i think most men just do n't feel that way is all . i think most of us would bang anything we find attractive , but that is by no means all men . nothing wrong with not being how you are , and it is awesome to be how you are . i think most women would love that actually . not everyone wants a partner who is willing to be sexual with just anyone . its special to some people , something so intimate to share with another , and that 's awesome .
i just asked to be slapped . pleasantries are n't important .
i am like you those days . of course that i see a beautiful woman i will feel attracted but i crave for something more , true and raw intimacy , a connection per say . not that common these days .
this has happened to a lot of my girlfriends as well . men love the chase just as much as men do . and the experiences gave me a new level of confidence each time and at the end i met my husband
your submission was removed by a computer . this could be for a number of reasons , most of which are summarized in the rules text on the right . in most of these cases , the computer is right , and we will not overturn its decision . if you have re-read your question and still think this is a failure of the automated filter , message us with an actual reason as to why the computer is wrong . if you just say that you think the computer is wrong without any reasoning , we will ignore you . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i think it may just be you 're 24 . here is what i do to transform my self into a sex god ; a solid legs workout , but not to much . a really solid 5x5 squats or deadlifts . at least one stiff drink , but no more than two . the lady gets on the bed while i stand . that makes her available for doggy , prone and supine depending on how we manage her legs . standing for some reason makes it difficult to cum . maybe because its gotta go up n
chances are , your family or the people you 're closest to - by blood or by life - will hurt you worse than any friends , acquaintances or strangers ever could . the better they know you , the better they know when and where to stick that knife . i 'm not saying everyone you love is secretly out to get you - far from it . but sometimes you gotta know when to keep someone you care about at an arm 's length , for your own peace of mind ...
like tik-tok
awkward , too much contact may give the wrong idea . probably giving space so the feelings settle and you can move on
some on else 's work desk :face_with_tears_of_joy: :face_with_tears_of_joy:
me myself and i . and i was an incredible man white back in the 80s and 90s . i like it to a druug addiction .
it can be weird at first but you can talk about it , you should tell him that if he does n't want to , nothing has to change between you two . as for you , try to get distracted , find a new hobby , etc . it 'll help you to get over that crush
yeah he is
tombstone . val kilmer nailed it as doc holiday .
what do you mean , i am not suppose to have problems this early .
delay gratification and live a strong meaningful life . balance fun and hard work , and you will see results . women adore competency and confidence
the discovery of a man getting rejected from sex by their own wife is an interesting phenomenon .
a common tactic is for some wives to ration sex or to use it as a reward for good behaviour by the husband . bit shitty really , because women who do this are using sex in a rewards based way . badically prostitution .
you may feel that way , but why would a woman feel safe to engage in an otherwise risky behaviour for her if there is no guarantee a partner will help ? pregnancy can kill someone , things happen . why should they offer that to someone who can just walk away ?
at 24 sounds pretty normal to me
start putting away money in a roth ira tomorrow . you can get an account for basically free in minutes . if you do n't want to learn investing , just throw it into an etf like spyd that follows the s & p 500 and reinvest the dividends . do not take the money out , do not treat it like gambling , do not look at it . just keep stock piling and enjoying compound interest while you 're young and have years to build it . find a job and people that make you happy . i 've worked shitty jobs that pay well , and i 've worked with shitty people . being unhappy every day of your life is n't worth it . take risks while your young . move places you want to be at , invest time and energy into learning . be kind to everyone you meet . you never know what someone else has been through . learn to forgive and let go . bitterness will eat you alive do n't out there pressures of the world on your shoulders . people expect a lot of things , often out of customs and tradition . do what 's right for you . never look back some day and say “ i wish i had done it my way ” because it 's too late
if your doing it right , your gonna taste a wee bit of pee .
name checks out .
that 's so fucking shitty :expressionless_face: :unamused_face:
no , porn is fantasy . a good looking fantasy but still a fantasy . 50 % of of the things that happen in porn ( stepsis , being overly agressive in bed , constantly being in full makeup , etc . ) would never happen in real life . also , there are a lot of positions in porn that are dangerous during real sex .
too far a gap for me , life perspective is incompatibly different .
great advice , all of it . the financial part i 've always had my head around , but man it took a long time to not care so much about what other people think and to put myself first .
if you genuinely want and think about starting a family and spending your life with someone , do n't wait . do n't be afraid to commit to someone who truly makes you happy . do n't give in to the doubts and 2nd thoughts when you sense things are getting serious . take the leap and begin your life . it only gets better when you find the one .
singing in front of a crowd . i had a pretty good singing voice in my younger days , but was so terribly shy i 'd only sing in my room . killing any prospect of me becoming a performer lol .
do n't take your friend circles for granted . they 'll shrink and split with time as you all go off on new chapters , so try and keep in touch . the places to find new friends gets harder once you 're out of uni .
only slightly . i have some french in me , though my family is closely tied to ireland .
the best way to prevent the signs of aging are to accept the signs of aging .
people finding people they jive with transcends age , race , or gender . i 'm 37 . i 'd just as happily date an 20f as i would a 55f . there 's going to be an inherent understanding that the possibility exists that one of the partners is going to expire before the other by a certain degree - but this can happen in the blink of an eye due to an accident or illness anyway . live life . love passionately . and cherish your mate .
there are only two tragedies in life . one is not getting what one wants and the other is getting it .
ralph emerson : self-reliance
being older , i would have no issues at all ... as long as she could keep up and has a zest for life , would be great . the whole family thing question should be addressed sooner than later , but all good overall .
“ it 'll be better in the morning ” helps me anytime i 'm depressed or just over all pissed off . although it never really is better in the morning :/
go brush your teeth ... right fucking now . its a pain you wont believe until you already went to far . & #x200b ; be careful about what the soda in a mixed drink will do to your teeth . bring a toothbrush / toothpaste with you when away from home and use it .
i accept the signs of aging .
love yourself . if you 're looking for that feeling in another person , even if you somehow manage to find it , i promise you frame 1 it 'll just shift into “ but what if they stop loving me ” idk why 30s me understands this so clearly when 20s me could n't figure it out at all lol
wtf is a masculine trait ? bro , half of us did n't have father figures and the other half had crappy ones . it just sounds like you need some intimacy in your life . do n't worry about masculine or not . you are who you are
messes with your routines when most people begin a relationship . i may have also taken advantage of her baking abilities . i think my solution is to cement my routines . not let my workout and dietary functions divert too much from what 's healthy . still enjoy going out to eat but not making that the go to activity . i 'm going to try it on the next relationship . i hope i find someone who also likes to workout but i 'm not too picky on that .
at 6 ' 3 ” you probably have a good reach . practice your jab . it 's the best way to keep someone at distance .
i do n't prefer it , i 'm not even horny half the time i do it . just do it when i 'm alone . no other reason .
no only someone with serious porn addiction would start seeing others differently .
you know when you 're so thirsty that your lips are chapped and your mouth is dry , but then you drink some water and it 's so fucking good because it 's exactly what you needed , and at that moment every fibre of your being is consumed by the moist euphoria of that water cascading over every ripple and fold of your esophagus until , finally quenched to the point of bursting , you release a satisfied “ ahhhhh ” it 's like that but you also get to squeeze some titties .
take good care of your body , nurture relationships that are special to you , and find ways to invest / save money
:loudly_crying_face: the two that i have tasted had similar tastes . i found the taste to be peculiar , but not in the bad way . that 's all i really remember , it 's been awhile :relieved_face:
no
popular thinking is that women mature much much much earlier than men . so , a 30 - ish woman may be on par with a 45 - ish male . if you have chemistry , then why not try out a relationship ! i know many people who are roughly the same age and have zero in common and end in divorce and heartache .
floss . for fuck 's sake . floss .
if he 's a " younger at heart " kind of guy , then you might not be wasting your time . if he 's fresh off of a divorce , maybe . at the very least though , he sounds like a decent guy and if it does n't work out , it sets the bar a bit higher for the next one .
i had a couple roommates in the 1990s who actually both crapped in a gallon zip-loc bag , put the bag in a box , wrote " guaranteed " all over the box , and mailed it to some college buddies .
sugar is the real gateway drug .
depends on where you work or what you do . i read a thread recently where a new engineer said he was worried he was asking too many questions , and some engineering managers chimed in and said yeah you probably are , it looks bad . you need to learn it the first time .
not advice per say but no one ever tells you how much faster time flys with each year you get older , it all goes by so quick .
your eyes are so dark and mischievous . - 50 year old barfly at gambling machine when i barbacked part time .
i just got my first it support job after years of not having a direction
you know what 's funny , i currently work at a dealership ! i 've been there for a little over three years , and a porter . i 've only been part time because i 'm in college and played a college sport . i 've actually looked into being a finance manager at a dealership as i know they make great money !
dont even quit dipping for a woman
if at first you do n't succeed , try try again .
this
be yourself !
i wo n't lie , i could n't like , unfortunately my taste sense is really good that i can't take anything disgusting . with this say , i not always doit , it depends on the person .
i was offered the job with fine but not ideal schedule and declined citing the schedule . now manager says that the hours i said i preferred are available to me and another offer is ready to be made to me if i wish it .
you 'll literally think differently and more clearly when you 30 and will probably be more calm in situations that felt intense in your 20s . for athletes out there i experienced that my thoughts of actions in sport and physical body action are much more synchronized !
any of it really . would love to play an instrument but my fingers do n't do what i want them to do .
trust yourself , no one else has your best intentions in mind . also , from my own embarrassing experience , you 're not even fully conscious until you 're in your late 20 ' s , so do n't be too hard on yourself , just keep trying to learn and be nice to people .
just say " new phone , who dis ? "
max out a roth ira invested in equities .
the ones who kill for a living
be nice . be curious . lift .
metallic and with a big of tang too it . it 's a great taste .
roth ira
mental health is declining but i 'm alive for now
ha i am class of 99 and they played that damn song
i 'm right there with you , years of my life just gone .
most people are faking the funk for that exact reason . once you really get to learn the business through trial and error , you will see that the most confident / loudest people in the room in most cases do n't know shit .
it varies from woman to woman , but generally it 's a mellow , watery , salty sweetness . kinda sweaty and musky , but it 's a really nice flavor .
you get what you pay for 🤷🏻‍♂
same i 'm in my 20s thou
my plan :)
as a female , how would you bring this up to a guy ? like , it 's been bugging me for a little bit idk how to express it to him .
uh , wtf is porn addiction ? but mostly , why do you prefer porn to sex ? like there is a reason . anxiety or something ?
mindset is everything .
that 's usually a sign that the other person does n't know the reason either or the reason is too embarrassing to actually explain . most likely they 're doing it , because the person before them did it that way , who did it that way because the person before them did it that way ... in other words no body knows why , because nobody asked why until you came along . alternatively , there are the “ world 's experts . ” if someone 's response to your question is “ because i 'm an expert ( doctor , lawyer , whatever ... ) and i say so , ” you 're bullshit meter should go way up . they 're just using anger to bully / guilt-trip you into accepting their position . they would n't need to , if they actually knew the answer . in short , do n't ever feel guilty for questioning things . if someone responds aggressively , question harder . they 're either trying to hide something or do n't know what they 're talking about . that goes for everyone ( family , friends , partners , business partners , world experts ... ) .
i understand that . the struggle is real for all of us that are n't ultra wealthy .
do n't take drugs or alcohol , stay away from gambling and sex with random nobodies . find a good girl , start a family and raise children . be a good person .
do n't turn 30
wear sunscreen
i 'm 61 and i still get breakouts on my nose
you are n't the main character
do n't be bummed if your not a millionaire at 21 . much of my 20s was spent figuring things out . i did n't get my career going until 30 . we do n't all have successful families to guide us and mentor us . if you do have a mentor available take their advice .
when they have a hobby other than being on social media
max out your ira now ! ! ! learn how to invest and stick to it . if i had to do it over again i would have lived as frugally as possible and been retired before 30 .
keep exercising and do n't let yourself gain too much fat .
the usa in a way cld be viewed as economic slavery for many but the things being described and discussed are much worse and make anything in the usa look very light in comparison .
the computer flagged this as a frequently asked question . use the search bar . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i would absolutely not lie and continue eating her out if it tasted bad . a bad taste or smell indicates other problems which i do n't want my mouth to be involved in . a good taste is reassuring , sometimes you gotta go to town and then wake up the next morning and get breakfast outta the crock pot pussy
for real though . we get it dude , * you 're from miami . *
quit spending so much time and money on video games and find a hobby that will open up opportunities and make you a genuinely more interesting person .
floss your teeth ! ! cavities suck
you 're going to waste a lot of time on social media
prenup
for me , it depends upon the topic and source . if the doctor i 've used for several years gives me medical advice , i 'll trust first , verify second . if the doctor i 've used for several years gives me investment advice , i 'll trust enough not to pointlessly argue with them in the moment , then verify before i actually spend any money .
turn your music down . tinnitus sucks .
that he rarely gets to go out with somebody .
leaving for navy basic at 30 in march this hit is rough shes not taking it well .
you want to meet women who are n't interested in you instead ?
unless its low interest , then consider investing it and chip away at debt
you are as young as you are ever going to be ..
master your sexual urges early on . this will allow you to focus on other more important things . ironically , its having this mastery that will help you to succeed with woman as well .
you wo n't be single once you have sexy feet
start investing for retirement as early as you can . you can't make up for the lost years later and even small amounts now can grow tremendously over time .
* " to thine own self be true " *
turn up . take it easy . moderation is the key . fuck if i know . it 's okay not to know .
whenever she feels ready to say so .
my man ! ! also it makes you more aloof on the date . you 're not trying so hard to get her back because even if it does n't happen there 's still a spliff waiting for you . girls can actually sense this and less desperate is always good !
i 'm just waiting to see it on the front page of / r / copypasta
everything gets vigorously scrubbed and shaved .
he sounds like an absolute fuckwit . i 'd stop associating with him if i were you .
“ think of how stupid the average person is , and realize half of them are stupider than that . ” ― george carlin puts so many things into perspective that do n't make sense at face value .
i used to be one , until too many undeserved scratches and bites . one time i was reaching for my phone and the cat just decided that i was attacking her and bit me .
by dying . but i got over it . makes you work harder to make sure your own kids have a good life .
> the fact that we have to put aside the creation of the child - the singular , unique element of a pregnancy - in order to make your analogy fit pretty clearly demonstrates its inaptness , imo . for decades , feminists have driven home the fact that having a child is solely and entirely the woman 's decision to make . " her body , her choice " they chant , over and over again . ok , fair enough . it 's her choice and hers alone . so far so good . the other thing that feminists chant repeatedly is , " consent to sex is not consent to parenthood " . i agree . the only difference is that , unlike feminists , i actually support gender equality . so if a woman decides to have a child , good for her . more power to her . but if she wants a man to participate in her project , she must ask him . and he has the right to say " no " , just as she would if the roles were reversed . if he consents , should his consent be documented in writing ? i think so , to protect her interests as much as anything else . the bank would n't give you a mortgage without a signature on paper . if she asks him to consent to becoming a parent , she 's essentially giving him a line of credit of $ 103,000 to be paid over 18 years . she should want that secured by a signature to prevent him trying to back out if his changes his mind . now , if you 're going to oppose " consent to sex is not consent to parenthood " , then you 're going up against the whole ideology of feminism . good luck with that ; there are a lot of very angry blue-haired women in your future , because they really do n't like people who are anti-abortion . > need to explain how both parties can avail themselves of this feature on equal terms . it 's very close to equal terms now that we have the morning after pill , abortion pills , abortion , legal safe haven abandonment and adoption all available to women who do n't wish to become mothers . if you 're hung up on that it 's slightly easier for men than for women , then think of that little remaining gap as affirmative action - a gift that society is happy to hand to women in countless scenarios , just being applied to men in this one case .
take me to their bedroom .
nothing
ouch
yes
ah , thought you were gonna get a girl knocked up and drag yourself down . on the bright side , you 're young and have plenty of time to make your dent in the universe . get buff , get paid , and girlfriends will naturally follow . just do n't marry the first girl that sleeps with you .
nobody 's said they 're evil . everyone has their own preferences , but i wish men would at least be more honest and upfront about wanting hook ups if that 's all they 're looking for .
apply a thin layer of butter to my gooch and pop in my prince albert .
friend of mine caught his wife in bed with 2 other guys . me and our friends rented him a rage room filled with replicas of her favorite stuff and watched him do a rousing rendition of " hulk smash ! "
sink wash and an egg baguette
best is to feel comfortable and not trying to hard . and communicate !
1st thing i would do is communicate my " uncomfortableness " with what seems like more than what i 've been supporting . and be prepared to move on . your time being alive is much more valuable .
lol , what the fuck are you doing , dude ? is this a joke ?
there is no benefit for a single man to be a married , specially a westernised woman . if i do ever get married it will be to a non western woman , they actually appreciate a husband and realise that both the husband and the wife have roles to play . westernised women think of themselves as a prize that men need to earn while the women bring nothing to the table besides her pussy . i will get alot of hate for this but this is the truth , i hope men understand that they have value and they matter and to stop seeking female approval . be good to yourselves bros , no one else will unfortunately .
you do what is more important to you .
bro i gotchu
i 'm a huge cat guy if i was allowed one i would have one in my flat would be a bit of a dealbreaker if a girl i liked hated them to be honest
i 'd say : it 's going really well , is n't it , but what 's going on now is n't really what you set out to do . are you sure you want to go down this path , or is it a good time to take stock and lay down exactly where you want this to go ? follower numbers are a great buzz but sometimes there 's no going back , so if the objective is professionalism then aim for that , if not then be clear with yourself at least . puts the onus on her to make her own decisions without you looking worried or insecure , turn it into a business plan discussion , & see what you unearth
everything you listed here happens equally to women too but it still does n't stop women from wanting to find a life partner . should women be expected to stay in a marriage with terrible sex and never feeling fulfillment ? is n't it better they separate instead of being miserable together , or worse , end up cheating on them ?
please do n't do that . u 'd just get shamed
me too and then he can eat me
care to elaborate ?
you should talk about your red lines and express how do you feel about it ! if she ignores you and keeps it going you might rethink about the long term of this engagement ... couples make each other feel comfortable and respect each other 's feelings .
when we were going to bed , she was in a bit of a giddy drunk mood , she was smiling with her eyes closed , i looked down at her and had this massive wave of feeling of care and compassion . i kind of thought to myself , “ damn , i want to give this girl the world , and i do n't want anything bad to happen to her ever again . ” that moment , i knew what it was .
when my wife was in the hospital with sepsis
beautiful
> i make sure i poop and it all comes out if able ... do you concentrate on keeping that well spread asshole open as long as possible , in case there 's a dinglebury or two still to come ? not always a perfect shit , but way better than the decades i was pinching it off without even realizing
cats are the fucking best . happy dad of two beautiful cats .
when i had to pick myself up off the ground after .
women get their hoe phase in their 20s . men , if they 've done the work , can have theirs in their 30 ' s . any 30 + man who has figured out that he 's now desirable my many women is n't likely to want to settle down . yes , yes , men are so evil for doing in their 30s what you did in your 20s .
i agree with your sentiment except for one caveat : tomatoes on a sandwich need at least some pepper , and optional salt or oregano . usually the tomato to meat ratio , in order to have proper mouthfeel , will result in a bland taste unless you have some killer fuckin tomatoes . even then , i think i would crave a pinch of salt on it just to help bring out more tomato flavor
merica ... but no " fuck yeah " ?
the damn rav 4 does n't have shopping bag hooks in the cargo compartment . boggles my mind why this is a top selling suv if it does n't even have shopping bag hooks in the cargo compartment . where is the media outrage ?
.. what 's there not to love ? i do n't understand men who dislike cat .
sitting with a bucket of fried chicken in front of a classic action movie
i am a cat lover ..
they mean nothing to me , and typically they 're associated with overcompensating behaviors that do n't even match with what they claim to be .
alpha like the wolf sigma like ... who knows what that 's suppose to be .
i wash my ass and also have a seperate soap for my ass and genitals ( of the same type as the one for whole body , so they do n't smell too different ) , what other steps should i take ?
a car . a whole , working , car .
i did not mean for what i said to seem like i was downplaying how you feel or why . my attempt was to make your situation sound less negative and be a situation that feels less hopeless and overwhelming to tackle
whenever you feel ready and confortable with the talk !
orange mocha frappuccinos !
> but i 'd love to see the number of men being outright killed because they can't find a safe anonymous shelter . ah , do n't worry about that ! you do n't have to see it ! those men will most likely kill themselves before other people can do it . & #x200b ; i do n't even know what 's your point ?
commit a hit and run
i think it 's juvenile and cringeworthy as fuck . anyone who actually embodies the traits associated with being an " alpha male " would never actually need to call themselves an " alpha male " , and i think the " sigma male " shit is just a label that socially retarded , loser men with nothing else going for them use to feel like they 're somehow rugged individualists and free thinkers . i 'd bet money that most of them were the kids that got bullied in high school for being weirdos and had " they laugh at me because i 'm different , i laugh at them because they re all the same " as their personal mantra .
yea haha and also , idk where you are from but talking english with my country 's accent sounds maybe even worse than just speaking the language ..
unfortunately that is a lot of parents . they 're stuck in the old mentality that if you send your kid to college then you 've succeeded as parents and your kid will basically be in the pipeline for a good job and a better life . only now are people waking up to the changes in higher education .
i 'm sorry what
awful situation , but do n't give up on every woman in the world because of your ex . some of us are quite nice :)
i start with ice cream , feel like crap and hit the gym hard for a couple of weeks and end with a rebound fling . the older i get , the more i realize how much i think like my mom though so maybe i 'm not the best man to answer 🤷‍♂ :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
this is the decade that your body starts to fuck out . you 're gonna need to actually focus on diet and exercise now , it no longer kudu takes care of itself
nope haha one to the left
when i was young , my mum is like : translating--that needs many skills and talents , you can't do it . lawyer : you are not eloquent . writer : you need a long time to be famous but how can you save a life before that ? so every time i was asked to write a composition about " my dream job " , i was frustrated . but to finish my homework , i would pretend that i dreamt to be a doctor or teacher . but when i grow up , i regret that i give up my dream so easily .
cds , iras , crypto , 401k , gold . savings account works well for an emergency fund , or splitting of money to save for a specific purpose ( putting $ 50 a month in so you can buy a new laptop . ) most savings accounts give less than 1 % interest . this falls below yearly inflation levels of around 7 % . so the actual value ( spending power ) of $ 10k in a savings account over 5 years is significantly reduced .
have sex with me :(
finger nails is how i usually know whos really clean .
people get hurt that way
i do a quick clean trough the house , which i keep tidy anyways so that 's done pretty quick . for myself , no real cleaning up to be done . i 'm always clean and looking fresh . i just feel better when i do , so it helps me mentally . the same goes for my house , i need it to be clean . i think it would be a good attitude to attain for a lot of people .
honestly , global warming
dad had severe health issues so limited pull cuz my mom made the money , she was also a bipolar alcoholic .
alpha is a guy who likes to be in charge , and has a high drive to compete for status with other men . sigma does n't feel the need to compete for status as much , but is kind if self-driven and still very accomplished . calling yourself an alpha or sigma unironically is definitely cringe , but i guess not necessarily untrue .
because i was really uncomfortable looking people in the eyes , so the eyebrows was ' close enough '
live love laughers
fingers . cut the nails on the fingers one day prior . newly cut nails tend to have sharp edges . give it a day to have them smooth . ass - clean well and apply bacteria killing deo . you should do this daily . shave down there . clean the glans , under the folds
he 's an asshole and tries to use stupid misunderstandings about biology to justify his behaviour . almost * certainly * misogynist and sexist . * probably * racist and alt-right . * 100 % * guaranteed to be stupid and or gullible .
i love this comment
this . i still do n't know how to properly hug a friend . i was always taught to side hug when “ confronted ” with a hug . hugs are the most awkward thing ever for me .
> make sure you wash those folds ! never heard the expression " dick folds " before . sounds more like something you 'd hear on a fat acceptance dating app
to be fair , if you hang the toilet paper backward , you 'll burn in hell for eternity . i do n't make the rules .
good to hear that
just wash your ass , no girl is going to seperate your ass cheeks to see if it 's hairy or clean
i wo n't , but thank you
or use olive oil and fresh mozzarella cheese instead of mayo for an improved sammy experience
it depends if you 're fine with 1000s of guys jerking off to the woman you wanna marry and have kids with .
exactly , same
your submission was removed by a computer . this could be for a number of reasons , most of which are summarized in the rules text on the right . in most of these cases , the computer is right , and we will not overturn its decision . if you have re-read your question and still think this is a failure of the automated filter , message us with an actual reason as to why the computer is wrong . if you just say that you think the computer is wrong without any reasoning , we will ignore you . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
well ... a tough one . unfortunately , many of us live in a delusional world , which may results in situations like this i wish you all the best and hope you will find a woman that will be worthy of your time
cringe
let 's just say swim has anger issues , and it can be hidden really well . or at least there 's different type of anger issues . some people have a general short fuse . some people let most stuff slide but in certain situations , become drastically angry . these people you may never know until the triggering situation comes up . some people are suicidal kind of angry . they 're ok , when things are going well but if they feel they 're life is falling apart , they 're constantly in a bad mood . some people are hate filled , it 's a calm angry , something just seems off , but they can do horrible things .
it 's the same as live love laughers saying " i 'm not an asshole , i 'm scorpio "
yeah but you should be salting the egg sometime during the late part of cooking it , not waiting till it 's on your sandwich bread to season it
standing or sitting or generally staying outside in the cold for no reason as self punishment , working out and the one where you get regret and have a shower afterwards .
doesnt mean to much if you try to label yourself that way .
frugality is not a bad virtue . just do n't die of old age without having ever spent a reckless dime .
once , she was a virgin . i wanted to say " you do n't even know what big is " because i 'm on the smaller side of average
met this really nice girl , we hot it off , talked for a few weeks , went on an eight hour first date ... now we 're married . she 's the only person i ever met from tinder , so it covers my good , bad , scary , weird , funny , awesome , whatever tinder stories . at one point i stripped down to my underwear to retrieve a runaway sandal .
hell dude , whatever you 're doing is working then . you 're very lucky .
no .
it gives your :peach: a little workout .
lmfao ! it was only for comfort , my ass .
i do n't have a beard unfortunately .
" po-leece that moostache ! ya 'll are startin ' to look like elvises ! ! "
what i said was that sweeping generalizations are not necessarily fair to the people with bpd who own their diagnosis and put in the work to manage it and what i got was a bunch of people hurling vitriol at me telling me i had no idea what i was talking about .
in scouts we were trying to find tinder to start a camp fire . could n't find anything suitable so we used dry cattails . worked perfect .
i am not picky , but make it faint . nothing is worse than too much perfume .
what about the pajamas ?
this guy fucks lol
wow
a lap warmer
i kicked his ass in bushido blade , but he was a pretty good challenge . not a lot of people play that game , so it was fun . fun i would never have had if i had chosen to be a jealous shit head .
oh no ! anyway ...
your question has been removed because it is a frequently asked question . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i found a couch and coffee table by the dumpster . the cat pee smell went away after a few months .
oh nice idea !
faded away ...
idk what that has to do with being a gentleman . if they mispresented themselves , im leaving or if i was craving the restaurant , i 'll eat but ask for separate checks .
sales in medical devices . i know a few earning upwards of 300.000 € a year
* insert finger guns * gotcha !
typical moronic republican to assume that they 're are only two parties on his flat earth 👌🏾
whenever i feel i have to . its not that often . but if having a fever is a legit reason to take a sick day . so is being mentally drained .
you mean ' prospective ' ; you 're welcome .
same here . she kicked me out and moved him right on in . they got married and he walked out on her a few years later
in the military if your spouse accuses you of wrong doing it becomes their word against yours . the military will always remove the soldier from the home even if there is no proof in the allegations . she could have said anything , something as simple as i moved her from my path when she blocked he door path . i could n't leave thru a window or another door . my only exit was the path she blocked . if i move her it 's assault , if my kids are home , it 's child endangerment . so since i was removed from the home ( doesnt matter if it 's on post or off post housing ) i was not allowed to return . since i was gone , who said she had to spend the bah ( housing allowance ) on housing or food . that 's just free easy money . if you do n't pay rent you usually get evicted , if they do n't pay , in some states they can sell your shit to recover costs since i " abandoned my property " or aka was n't allowed back on said property per military laws .
she ghosted me and they eloped . he was her cousin
usually means she 's insecure about her boobs
i just answered your question based on my own personal situation . i dress very modestly so there is n't going to be any awkward stares or uncomfortable moments . other than that i am just a normal person who tries to be polite as much as i can .
its been a year . they 're happy and i still can't move on lol .
fun for everyone ! :face_with_tears_of_joy:
every beautiful woman has men sick of screwing her .
i became him
he was a loser too . turns out it was another guy in maryland . he got her pregnant . pretty sure she left him too . bullet dodged .
it 's like she found the best targets that could exist for such a thing .
depends very much on what they did
uh ... so i guess this is the rare answer ? i did n't worry about him and nothing happened . sorry to the rest of you , fuck .
this girl said that her husband was gonna tie her up naked and leave the house and wanted me to come over and have my way with her and leave . husband was them gonna come home for my sloppy seconds .
weirdly specific
exactly . it feels to good to keep those happy memories even if the outcome wasnt what you wanted . i still have a painting from her , she recreated a photo of me from one of our first dates . after we broke up , i had such an urge to smash it , burn it , throw it away , anything . i did n't do any of that , it still hangs in my bedroom at home . it may have felt good to let that anger out in the moment , but it would n't have been worth it in the long run . its one of the few tangible things i still have from our time together . it took me a long time to come to terms with this , but its ok to miss the good times even if the ending was bad . i feel you on the whole dating again thing . im still pretyy young and have plenty of time to figure it out , but i want the same comfort i used to have where i had someone by my side through whatever i was doing , whatever i was going through . its been hard to open up to people or dedicate any time to them because im worried the same thing is going to happen all over again
whilst making dolphin noises
its a sickday .
she 's not my cup of tea , so i 'm not losing any sleep over it .
can't talk about it until yhe trial is over
maybe we should have been worried about him
i would never say that to her . that would make me a piece of shit , and i 'm not one of those . i 'm thankful for everything my mother did for me , and she 's an excellent grandma to my kids .
we do not allow any gift posts on this subreddit . * * if you think this was removed in error , please [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL ) with a link for approval . * * thanks ! * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
when she right swipes , exchanges messages with me , actually wants to meet up and she 's decently attractive !
try to change your perspective ! listening to what you say it seems that you believe that if you are in a relationship your job is done for life , but that couldnt be far from the truth ! there are so many possibilities that could go wrong in a relationship ... you could find an abusive partner and have a terrible relationship ( i doubt that your married friends dont have the same toughts about divorce and flert with a single life ) ... or on a truly great cenario you could find your perfect match ! but them she dies after a few years ! as thought as sometimes we often like to flert with things we do n't have , be shure that there is not a perfect path of happiness for you to follow ... i believe you should live each day trying to be better than the day before , and to be as good as you can to the people on your enviroment ... i know that this loneliness feeling is fucking hard to deal with , but my whole point is that a relationship wouldnt solve your problems ! we are born and die alone ... you are still young ! theres still time , and i really hope you build a truly beaultiful path for you on this life ! your own path !
if you are jumping out of a plane , you are in the wrong place .
poor guys who have to pay " child support " when in fact the money is going to her new mans truck payment . :pensive_face:
sorry ! ! ! omg sorry ! !
" what 's with the negative waves ! ? "
why do you say 24 ? do most folks think 24 is or is it just your view ? i 'd say 24 is on the cusp / gray area ? how is 23 gray area
tf ? what do you do ?
if my friends did n't stick with me during those phases of not talking to them , i 'd be doing a lot worse rn
do n't recommend . bad idea because someone always still has feelings and will get hurt more eventually
i see . my issue is i 'm not amazing at maths and physics . i often have trouble understanding the concepts and since i 've done a lot of both i know for a fact that even a slight hole in your concept can crumble everything .
golf
i went on two pretty uneventful dates , but they were pretty wild compared to the echoing silence that has been almost the entirety of my tinder experience .
yep , that 's the equally silly part two of that argument .
feb . 11 .
please do n't show yourself out ; rather do yourself in .
please ... tell me ... not the long black food / tabacco stained beard as well ... ?
i think some people do just lack empathy to the point that they do n't even * consider * the impact their behavior has on others . they know that what they 're doing is considered ' wrong ' and how it might blow back on them , but they do n't consider the actual damage it might cause . it does n't impact their self esteem .
make sure it 's yours , and do your part . i raised my son by myself , so make sure you can trust your partner .
the xx
she married him 12 months after declining my proposal . they looked happy last i saw . ( i got into a way better situation and am happy so i stopped checking . )
let go easy . forgive never .
flatulate on your friend . display no sexual tension can ever be possible
imagine a beautiful mixed race goddess with exquisite breasts ... and you will only be [ half there ] ( HTTPURL )
dress the way that makes you feel the most confident .
you have no business telling me where i have business being .
i see . i 've considered it but i know plenty of well off people and almost none of them are lawyers :/ . maybe it 's specific to here but i 'll definitely give it more thought .
look into welding ( subsets of it can pay well ) , lineman positions , construction plumbing , and electrician roles maybe
interesting reply . if it was * you * . do you feel its likely that your reaction is not the typical / expected reaction ?
not giving a fuck what people think . i really enjoy dancing , but am a horrible dancer . but no one cares , because everyone else dancing is worried about how they look .
sure . she is a human and men make up about half the world 's population . to expect her not to have any male friends is a little unreasonable .
isolation
thats so cool that you did n't let it ruin your friendship with him
ehh , if you 're good you 're good . if your average ; then it 'll matter
honestly , you just gotta listen to the best . sometimes i 'm . just stressed or tired , listening to music and dancing takes the edge off and let 's me take.my focus somewhere else . i 'm 27 , i 've always loved dancing , and i think i will always do . i do n't need anyone to dance with , or grind on me to enjoy it . but feeling free with your movements , the air you breath while moving , and the fun you get out of it ( ofc if your dancing to a beat you just love ) .
fuck if i know , i got out while the getting was good .
to be fair ... she did . but just so fucking crazy .
up yours tony .. or should i say , down yours ? !
easy you never have any to begin with . also i have no idea who that is
leave out the part that you are moving the same mass up the same incline to the same height literally twice as fast . so hence more efficient . 2 steps in . 5 second stride . 1 step in . 5 second stride 50 steps finished in 2 steps at a time - 12.5 seconds 1 step at a time - 25 seconds it 's just better . their is no illusion .
meaningless
your submission was removed by a computer . this could be for a number of reasons , most of which are summarized in the rules text on the right . in most of these cases , the computer is right , and we will not overturn its decision . if you have re-read your question and still think this is a failure of the automated filter , message us with an actual reason as to why the computer is wrong . if you just say that you think the computer is wrong without any reasoning , we will ignore you . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
had nothing to worry about , dude was just a loser that mistook kindness for friendship .
it showed that two individuals can be mature for the grater good of their child
i know of the name , but honestly can't picture her in my head , so i 'll be okay , i guess .
i did not reply to you for a reason , i do n't want to interact with you . you are weird and twisty . you have really no business here in the first place , if all you want to contribute is what you contributed .
maybe tell him who jody 's gonna be , beforehand ?
i feel like 23 is the gray area and 24 + is explicitly over the line
oh man i love to cut a rug now and then . i think people are just too self consciousness and uptight . i know i look dumb , but i am having fun and other people can suck my ass . plus my wife says my solo dancing is " adorable " and hers is literally the opinion that matters to me .
i am still a student so no job yet gonna take at least 2-3 year , there 's also not very much scope of part time job and also threapy is kinda what do i say frown upon in my country , everyone needs to deal with their own problem . i am trying my best still
women get away with it i 'm nice about it but some times i really have had to pee badly and that did n't make things better . definitely a double standard and low key annoying .
whiskey
HTTPURL
toasted dark rye , vegan mayo wasabi spread , chao cheese slices melted , and a slice of heirloom tomato .
simple . say , “ i love you , but you gots to get the fuck out . i need naked time . ”
it 's sometimes effective at getting you what you want in the short term , so it can become a learned behavior and a crutch people abuse
men really do n't . we 're not animals .
1 . that i at 23 should have my life together and a successful career , when they do n't either . 2 . that i should be able to read their mind and know exactly what they are feeling and why they are upset , even if i have asked and tried to figure it out . it 's fun getting yelled at because you could n't figure out why she was upset after repeatedly asking her . at the same time , i 'm told that i need to be more emotionally available and communicate my emotions better ... 3 . that i should be able to fill any needs as a romantic partner without them needing to communicate them to me . 4 . that i needed to spend more time with her , and that i was a dick for hanging out with my friends as planned when she wanted to spontaneously hang out . when it was flipped i got called controlling and needy .
if i 'm about to blast i simply stop , and then i go out to eat , and the resume when ready .
magdalena
tapout shirt
i do n't think anyone should have regrets for breaking up or breaking someone 's heart the reality of these situations is that sometimes people just are n't compatible . it 's shitty when one partner feels they truly invested in the relationship because then they 're heartbroken , but breakups happen for a reason . it 's better to end something while it 's not working than to let it fester and eventually rot . when you find yourself having relationship difficulties , it 's normal to discuss those with your partner and try to work on them . when that 's not possible , breakups are inevitable no regrets - you 'll find someone compatible to your love someday :green_heart: and if they do regret it ? it 's probably for selfish reasons
> be honest oh shut up . daily . most people shower daily .
i usually just get naked and start jacking off . then tell them " hey it 's my home i do what i want when i want "
isnt the irish goodbye ... called ghosting ?
when you gotta pee you get up to pee .
what 's wrong with skulls ? i like them , we all have one ; if it 's some angy looking skull spitting fire and with a weed leaf in the background yeah that 's dumb
no , get out .
try target ...
i 'm from nc but this is the only way i 've ever done it . same for the rest of my family .
solidifying the regiment . i love to work out , but sometimes my mind gets crowded with everything i like to do . i write poems / stories , watch stories , listen to stories . i study lit and poetry etc . also an avid lover of video games . just a busy guy with a lot on my mind lol . it 's becoming a more central part of my life to take the time to lift and go on walks . to just reconnect with the real world on a physical level and smell the roses n ' stuff .
i have a flesh light . i could say it to her . less weird .
goat cheese , honey ( ideally hot honey like mike 's ) , and tomato - - served alongside a tomato and basil soup .
— — you mean vegetables ?
> do n't your legs or arms get sticky ? not at all
nothing is holding me back . i just do n't have a reason to go . i made the resolution to myself when i was 21 that i never want a gf , wife , or kids . so i urge literally no reason at all to be attractive . i 'm not fat . i would n't even say i 'm that badly out of shape . i still go longboarding for 6-8 hours a day in the summer when i can in + 30c heat . so long as i can keep doing that , it 's good enough for me . i tried working out a few times . i even stuck to it for 1.5 years once . every day at 6am sharp i would be there . but i never got anything i deemed valuable out of it . yeah i looked better , but who the fuck for ? yeah i could lift heavy , but so what ? it 's all just lost on me .
i gaze deep brah . i get undressed , and i begin to crisp my underpants . it 's important to act like i 'm sexier than all the cats put together . my boner becomes a a strong , sexual boner . my dick , like the common land shark known to live north of greg 's house . my boner - i get caught in my shark-blue eyes . “ i would fuck me . i would fuck me so hard . ” fuck yeah .
i do n't understand why it 's so bad to just be direct about these things ...
i 've used this , and been hit with " oh it 's not a problem at all ! i do n't sleep till much later . "
this made me laugh harder than it should have
that 's why it 's in my back pocket . it will come out one day .
say it to your hand lmao
oh yes i read bios . no bio , no swipe right
all your things in the front yard with a “ free stuff ” sign . worked on me
it is n't a terrible joke . it is funny , get over yourself . the show and the banter between the two characters involved is almost universally enjoyed by its fanbase . i am going to make this joke even more regularly just for you .
bring her bf lol
bottomless pits . you 've put it so perfectly ! my boyfriend is as thin as they come , and he eats like he 's eating on behalf of 10 . does n't work out or do any physical activity . he shoves literally everything down his throat , without a worry for food combinations or anything . it 's fascinating to see them thrive despite the horrendous eating habits !
sometimes to keep good relationships with coworkers or the guys .
yes , but it 's impolite and self-centered to go hard on someone for not perceiving what you considered to be social cues in what you are currently believing to be this very time within reality . etiquette demands you simply create new social cues , in hopes they shall perceive them .
diamonds are forever and so is herpes .
i have this kind of relationship with the people close to me . it 's great , honestly .
i think clothing is a form of art as you can express yourself with it , all of us are unique , but definitely fur because wtf do you support killing animals for your own pleasure ? !
take of your pants in the livingroom , announce you have some things to take care of before going to bed and just stare them in the eyes . if that do n't work , call the cops .
how do you feel about a butter and crouton soup ?
ok ima go bang my gf now and she 's loud so it 's about to get real awkward in here if you stay i do n't give a shit , if it 's my homie then they 'll get it , if they 're not , then fuckem . just tell them straight .
we were just friends , and i did n't really think we had much in common and i was n't super interested in her . gave it a shot though and now i can't see myself ever being with another person . just have fun together really .
some people are n't big communicators . my ex used to date this boy who she really liked , but was frustrated with how little he spoke . and he was crazy go nuts about her , loyal , dutiful , maintained a good job , did an admirable amount of labor around the house , including keeping a farmer garden of fresh food in their backyard . he just was quiet . sadly , they broke up . she was frustrated , he was devastated . that just a point of compatibility that they did n't match on . how you communicate can be a deal breaker .
i bet that marriage was a dumpster fire
my brother 's wife always dyed her hair blue . judging from the blue speckles on the bathroom ceiling , you always wonder if a surf was bludgeoned to death in there .
her moon is not what ?
this is n't one instance , but nothing irks me more than that shit where they have a friend pretend to have an emergency and “ have to leave ” . you owe me no obligation to staying a date you ain't feeling . but the fact you can't just be honest is a huge show disrespect for both of us . granted , i do understand why they do it , but it 's still ass .
absolutely agree :hundred_points: :hundred_points: :hundred_points:
" you look like royalty "
swing an invisible golf club .
what if it 's 2pm ?
jesus ! but dude ... what did you expect when picking up a chick at walmart ? typical marine move hahahah kidding . army over here , but on a serious note glad it was only rock salt but still shitty . great story dude .
lovely
but you are making that up . you do n't know how wolves feel . and what about everything else i said . what about the fact that you are misunderstanding the concept of fitness , and using that misunderstanding to support a flawed argument about human psychology . i think it is reasonable to not condemn people for their initial emotional responses to difficult human interactions because we do have biological programming that we can do very little to change . but what we can change is how we respond to those inbuilt responses , we can learn to behave and even sometimes feel differently in response to our internal alarms . i think it is irresponsible to suggest that just because your emotion has a biological excuse it is therefore ok to uncritically accept it .
damn bro you up and down this comment thread .
nah , its everyone vs patriarchy
tell it
the belief that you " deserve " it simply because you want it and you are n't obligated to give anything back .
\ # 3 is the most important in my opinion . too many parents put their lives on hold for their kids when in reality those experiences enrich their childhood , even if it means they might be a little grumpier the next day . it always depresses me to see friends or colleagues miss out on things they love because of a strict schedule that is meant to regiment every aspect of their child 's life . some new parents are just a little too much .
i may be attractive but i have the unfortunate curse of being introverted and socially anxious ... so i do n't exactly appreciate the attention .
brooke , robbie , alice , shannon
what you bouta do ?
i ask them to leave and guide them out as they are talking . nothing is more rude than overstaying your welcome sometimes .
i like a variety of cheeses and use a thin layer of mayo instead of butter ( easier to spread and crisps up on the bread nicely ) . sometimes i like to have velveeta or something just for extra gooeyness , but a mix of swiss and cheddar is good . when i fry it up after the first flip i add a small bit of water to the pan and then put a lid on it so the insides can melt
teen titans
exactly .
ask to borrow money .
yo wife got no tits ?
these are for people who do n't get the 4hint . you should have picked up normal hints and left before you hear these .
honestly , i do n't think i 'm a bad looking guy , and i see that when i look at myself in the mirror , but i 'm really overweight . i have a hard time committing to losing it . i 'm going to boxing club to try and get some sort of good exercise in next week though .
you 'll have to fight each one of them in order to win her heart .
korean bbq place in town . big wings , great sauce , and beer .
exactly . the butter adds a nice complement to the cheese and bread . but a warm stick of butter alone , no thanks .
hmmm i 'm a girl myself and i 've seen girls say this multiple times on platforms like ig and tiktok , it 's not a bad thing , just wanted to see if guys had their version of this . not that deep lol .
clearly you 've never been married
so does that mean their wife is ugly
you need 3 cheeses . shredded cheddar , tomato basil provolone and basic craft singles . texas toast and butter . put a sprinkle of shredded cheddar in the pan let that melt , make grilled cheese as normal . that crispy cheddar on the outside and the super melty cheese on the inside makes it badass .
the cia , yes . ( both )
hello fellow minnesotan
shake your head and say “ wow i 'm tired ” and try to yawn and turn off a light
same happened to me . i just „ went to the bathroom “ and did n't come back . boy oh boy did she text me horrible things
" hey sorry i 'm gonna go to bed so i 'm kicking you out ! :grinning_face: "
i would try to plant things in his mind that cause anxiety . keep sewing doubts in his mind regarding things he is sensitive to . " hey , has anything weird been going on at your job ? my sister-in-law works at the bank and says they just denied them for some big loan . have they been cutting hours or anything ? " " keep a good eye on your transmission in your ( his model car ) . my friend darren works at joe smith ( insert car brand here ) and says theirs some kind of issue with the transmission on these things . they have 6 of them go bad just this week . " & #x200b ; you get the idea .
hovering
any age tbh
in most cases i made sure that i have something in common with a woman , like same or similar hobbies , similar values . having a stable foundation is very important , otherwise everything falls apart quickly .
it 's the hovering while shitting . poo flies everywhere
deadass is a caveman . he likes commercials
> i am trying to be open and challenge my own opinion . what better place than reddit ... ? reddit is the # 1 absolute worst place for this
she belongs to the streets !
he died doing who he loved
i think it 's pretty likely that the man is a dirtbag
it worked
hard agree . when i hand over the option of final choice ( after possible weeding of options ) i have already made my peace that all possible outcomes are fine and she 's free to choose according to her own priorities . if in the end i do not like it , i have only myself to blame . the only valid thing i can tell her is " next time please kindly remind me that i 'm an idiot " so that i think about it more carefully .
good for you man , keep it up ! be careful not to go too crazy ; you do n't want to injure yourself . you might want to research the right way to work out for your body type . there 's a lot fo great information online about specific work out techniques for each body type .
yeah , i 've only been at it for 2 weeks so no changes yet besides slight weight gain , but i 'm making sure to be consistent .
i 'd try to be indifferent , but internally , i 'd be judgy af ... and kinda grossed out . i 'm perfectly fine with a woman up to 3 years younger . on the flip side , i 'm totally fine dating a woman 10 years or more older .
once is pushing it
gaslight . patriarchy . just seems like it gets dropped in convos like a wild card in uno without any supporting evidence . love that .
i do n't know anyone who actually uses a ringer . everyone i know has their phone on vibrate or silent ...
i 'm the same way . some people are like that and some are not . just as with everything else in life
nonce shit
disgusted and bit creeped out . i mark him down as emotionally and intellectually immature at best and predatory at worst
hmm 16 for me , but that was over a night not a day . i 'd imagine my high sex drive is the reason , so i 'm ready to go another round just after the previous round . the only reason that number is n't higher is coz we needed to sleep .
you know , there 's that recurring question in this sub of what i would do if i were a woman for 24 hours . given that every single guy in those comment sections is fully confident that they would insist on having sex within that 24 hours , i can't justify saying that i can't date a woman that simply matches my same train of thought .
nice
anger and disgust at the guy for exploiting an immature young adult . you can only have a gap like that when the younger partner is in their thirties and legitimately an adult . it 's suspicious then even so .
why have n't any of the guys i 've dated known this ...
having an ugly face and big nose . nobody flirts with me or checks me out . i used to have an amazing body but i think my face ruins it for everyone lol
i 'm 46 , and i can't hold a conversation with a woman much younger than maybe 30 . life is just different for people in your 20 ' s . some is better , some is worse . but it 's just different . when i see an older man , or a man around my age hanging with someone in her 20 ' s , first , i assume it 's his daughter . if it becomes clear that is not the situation , then i quietly make other assumptions , which i 'd never share with either of them , and they would n't ask .
snacks . we love snacks .
if we are officially dating i would n't be annoyed sometimes you are just tired . also i see it as a trust thing .
idk mainly my dick but that 's about it
that you are secretly 3 raccoons in a trenchcoat
im mid 20s relatively healthy with asthma and i just need a rest period of 25-35 minutes and i can keep going like a machine , ive never experienced pain when having more than a few orgasms in a day
friendship .
the same considerations have to be made in those cases . is the less powerful person able to hold their own and advocate for their needs ? is the more powerful person tempted to abuse that power ? it is n't inherently wrong , but it definitely requires the right context .
a guy told me once that my wrists were too thin to fist him
idk about symphony but have you heard anton batagov - phillip glass etudes book 1 - etude 6 ? its niceeee ( youtube )
depends . usually when i get tired . but last time i was so into it i just kept going and when she was telling me how good it felt i could n't stop . finally got her to cum which was a first for me while giving oral so i felt pretty good .
yeah i 'm 16
i totally get if your helping someone through something . i 've had friends become negative and bitter for 4-6 months after some shitty life stuff . but it usually starts to improve after no toooo long .
i 've done 4 or 5 times before , maybe more , but by that time there 's very little to no actual cum coming out
the limit has not been reached . over double digits . i can go right again if i wanted to and have occasionally not even stopped . the only thing i 've run into that affects my ability is mental health . if my head is n't right , it 's not happening .
inconceivable !
the t - 800 in terminator 2 . the ultimate father . even sarah conner knew it .
flapped out is not really a turn on .
honestly it depends on the woman 's age . if he 's like 80 and she 's 40 , then she 's old enough to have made this choice . if he 's 60 and she 's 20 , i feel he has undue influence . i may be wrong , but for me it 's less the age gap than her age . still , you wonder what people more than 10 years apart really get from one another .
interesting that people assume the older guy might manipulate the younger girl . i know a guy who 's in his late 50 ' s , married for 25 years and is getting a divorce . he met a girl online in south america who 's in her mid - 20s . he 's pretty well off , makes over $ 100k a year in a lcol area and is financially secure . this girl is in a very poor country and desperate to get out . they seem happy but it does n't seem right . i 'm sure he is getting a boost to his ego but he 's in love with her . she seems him as her ticket to a better life and money . i 'm not saying she 's manipulating him but i feel like she knows what she 's doing and love is not her driving force . the young girl can be just as manipulative and street smart as the older guy .
unlikely they 're dating for love . but they 're both consenting adults so it 's not my business
as long as it takes . mama did n't raise no quitter .
a nice long blow job and finishing in her mouth
do n't need to . that 's what women are for . if you decorate , they 'll just change it .
not my dad but my buddies dad . looks like a bag of smashed assholes with all the good ones picked out .
stop trying to have sex with your parents .
i do n't consider myself macho masculine manly except when i 'm doing hard work and using my power tools , otherwise , i 'm just me . but to answer this question , feminine hobby , um - let me think ... i 'd say cooking and baking , but that 's not really a " woman " thing , at least not anymore . same with gardening , which i love . i like to decorate my house , too , but not a woman thing , again . um ... idk .
man you sound like a dumb broad lmao . be a fucking man and break up with the chick if that 's the case no wonder you get cheated on .
that 's great dude ! keep at it !
i 'm like a badger down there . she will usually tire before i do , but i have gone upwards an hour and at that point i was near breaking .
bruh seriously how did you lose 66lb in 3 mo
your submission was removed by a computer . this could be for a number of reasons , most of which are summarized in the rules text on the right . in most of these cases , the computer is right , and we will not overturn its decision . if you have re-read your question and still think this is a failure of the automated filter , message us with an actual reason as to why the computer is wrong . if you just say that you think the computer is wrong without any reasoning , we will ignore you . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
honestly i do n't know how true this is . i seriously only started giving a fig because i read an article about how most serial killers live super minimalistic . i also get the comment of how undecorated my apartment is :face_with_tears_of_joy: . i buy the shit i need . i do n't need shit in my walls . that shit just needs dusted . fuck that
the fact that i 'm a grower and not a show-er
i wouldnt worry , if your compatible it will happen . i was 31 ( almost 32 ) when my now wife starting hitting on me , ( she was 24 ) . i wasnt having any off it for a while as i thought she was way to young . but after a while i just kinda realized it doesnt really matter . went on a trial date , and it spiralled from there . we got married last year .
i used to be able to do it quite often . i 'm almost 30 now and i can maaaaybe do twice in a die but usually it 's just one and i 'm drained
idk . the most i 've had sex back to back like over the course of the evening and the morning after we woke up was 5 times . so 5 times in a lil under 12 hours . the most i 've masturbated would be like 10 times in a day and yes - you cum every single time . erection quality weakens drastically .
i still feel this way about someone . it was never full blown love but for sure it left an impact on me . we shared one kiss in my living room and honestly i dont think either one of us was prepared for how awesome it was . movie-like . def made me try to be more serious with her which made her \ * poof \ * . the move is pretending like you have other options and dont give a fuck if they stay or go , not ' hey i deffff really like you and want to get to know you better and we should hang out like sooon ' .
you do n't care about hygiene ? depression you do n't go outside ? depression ur feeling sleepy ? depression ur an introvert ? depression you do n't like people ? depression you 're quiet ? depression - ur average reddit doctor
never happened in my life . to this day there 's a spot in between my shoulder blades that shall never know relief .. :loudly_crying_face:
a sleepover ? how old are you guys ? x ) you 're not even of drinking age and already feeling left out about sex ? hard to get an idea out of someone 's head , but let me tell you , this should be the least of your worries for now .
my kids
already disappoint two ppl everyday , call'em ma & pa
mmm . that 's how you know they meant something to ya . and if you can meet and lose anyone who means something to you , that means you 've lived .
i 'd say it depends . thousands or hundreds , perhaps might stick in my head . but as someone that 's nearing 30 , it 's illogical to think that a woman i find desirable has been a nun her whole life . as long as she treats me well , has been safe in those encounters , and puts that experience to good use , i do n't really care .
a 35 year old man dating a 25 year old woman is probably fine . it 's a significant age gap but they 're still close enough to have a lot in common and be at a similar stage in life . the more extreme age gaps you mentioned would definitely make me think less of someone though . dating a girl young enough to be your daughter is n't impressive , it 's predatory . it 's almost guaranteed to involve messed up power dynamics because of the gap in life experience ( and probably confidence / wealth ) .
what goes on between two consenting adults is none of my business , and i do n't want to make it my business
> i do n't know any woman that looked at 40 yr old and think “ boy toy ” not boy toy , but dilf
confident - my dad did n't treat me well when i was a kid because i was dependent on him . now i have my own job , own place , own responsibilities that have nothing to do with him . so he can go eat a big bag of dicks .
my man boobs .
as long as the woman is old enough and mature enough she made her own decision and that 's none of my business .
i have also fucked my junk raw , but it was over week long period .
same boat . i 've been with my girl for 5 years , just got back home for good from 4 years active duty . we had more sex with her traveling back and forth and vise versa . now i 'm home and we maybe have sex once a month . she said her birth control deletes her sex drive . gotta look at the other options too ( why is the drive gone etc ) she says it is n't me , but i can't help feeling like it is . i do n't just wanna pork , i am passionate and that 's part of my love language . who knows if it will get worse or better
well , i guess at least he died doing what he loved
lol yeah it makes a big difference . cardio alone really keeps your blood flowing to the correct places . a lot of men lose their erections simply for being out of shape . weight lifting does boost testosterone levels , though . so that on top of cardio will make a big difference .
yes . if she 's been with a lot of guys i 'll know she 'll be more likely to suffer from grass is greener syndrome and will be less likely to be loyal . plus the sex will mean nothing to her .
disgusted , and think less of them .
you too kind sir
after that , there 's no cumming back
i 'm 30 and my husband is 42 . that 's a 12 year age difference . usually we forget , most people do n't notice . it 's not really that big of a deal past a certain age .
sisu
that 's what i 'm doing now .
workout , eat healthy , stop eating trash and sugar and soda . be cool , be nice , do n't be a push over .
i think you 've misunderstood both my comment and the author 's intent . take a look at that deadbedroom subreddit before you brand a “ sexless marriage ” a woman only problem .
not fast enough tho haha
i 'd recommend stopping at 39 . you know , just so you can crack one out before bed
guys dating for looks ? girls dating for money ? no difference , still not good choices imo .
sure thing buddy
all you need , in fact , is a major credit card , but most of us grow to think that there 's more to life .
in school i do n't have a problem with making friends , i have a decent amount of homies . its just that i struggle with girls . like i do n't know how to approach and be confident and all that stuff .
we often talk about men having an oedipus complex or being a momma 's boys . have we ever considered the inverse of that where women crave older men for some innate psychological reason . is it wrong , if you ask me ... anything 10 + age gap is weird . am i going to call someone a pedo and project psychological disorders and outright demonize them ... no !
depends on the individuals . i really think it can work , but i think the people it actually makes sense and works for is like . 000001 % of people who engage in the practice . it 's almost always some aging , wanna-be-big-shot asshole trying to fuck his way through his life 's problems . so the whole excessive ends up being prostitution that 's less equitable for the women involved
lose weight , if youre thin / fit already then keep that up . also , if youre ugly , grow a beard . keep that shit really well maintained . a beard does a lot for a guy . look at someone like dave grohl . no beard ( like the nirvana or early foo days ) makes him look like an ugly fuck . add the beard , he 's a rockstar .
okay i just wanted to apologize because it seemed rude thank you and have a nice day
half of this thread thinks adults are n't mature enough to make their own decisions and people more than 5 years younger then them are aliens . both super problematic attitudes .
that 's true , bottle cans will be more prevalent .
> you can do all of those things because what things ?
fair .
who cares , everyone has an opinion and it literally means nothing .
i do n't mind a girl with short hair and do n't hate it tho ...
@USER / babydoll 0907 thankfully your coworkers ' opinions on your hair are worthless . you rock your cute pixie cut - bet you look gorgeous ! 🧚🏼‍♂
you poor bastard
i was thinking of sailing regattas , but rowing is cool , too . ask him if he wants to train together . do you do anything like running or weights ? at some point you prolly need to just be bold and ask .
straight to the point , i 'm selfish . can't say anything else .
all things considered i would either be reenlisting or retiring .
> even a fool is thought wise if he keeps silent . i 'm so glad i work from home now instead of all the 50-60 year old entitled white men that compromised 90 % of my field .
it waa definetely obvious , all i had to do was read it again lmao . have a nice day !
i 'm 6 ' 3 , she is 5 ' 2 hugging is only major issue , especially in public places , people stare at us . can't help , we now used to it , just be confident and proud of having each other .
i had the same experience when i cut mine off . women thought it was great , far less men were interested in me .
podcasts are a great way to passively pick up some knowledge while doing other things . you can't specialize in everything though so i 'd encourage you to pursue the things you 're truly interested in . we 're all just faking it out here to be honest .
makes women face look bigger . are you fat ? if you chubby it probably makes you look fat . and it comes down to preference , i do n't like short hair on women because does n't look feminine .
i like it , and the girl i 'm dating likes it .
" you know , i 'm something of a mexican myself "
women look more feminine * with long hair * do n't ask me what this means , my irrational instincts say so
look , i 'll be that guy who says what the others wo n't .. besides short and longer hair on women being preferences , shorter hair just looks worse on bigger women . the bigger you are , the more attractive you will look with longer hair .. of course , this is opinion . but i think it 's more universal than some are willing to admit .
i 'd say in this case it 's not about the woman becoming less attractive and therefore taking away some sick pleasure men somehow derive from staring at hot women . though i 'm sure there are outliers and creeps like that out there , especially when they feel it necessary to give unsolicited opinion about it . i 'd guess for most men it 's more about becoming less appealing to look at . we are very judgemental as a species , and many tests have shown that we are nicer and more cooperative with people we find attractive or appealing . this is n't purely because we want sex , it 's more like the difference between one apartment with a window looking out towards a beautiful mountain towering above a thick forest , and another with a window looking out straight at a dilapidated wall in some trash filled dark alley . it 's natural to seek out an environment whose looks puts us at more ease . another aspect is the " it 's new and i do n't like it " approach . people in general do n't seem to like change . especially if you 've had one hair style for the last x number of years .
depends on the guy .
it 's of course going to be challenging . we should have put major restrictions on china at any point in the last 30 years . we enforce human rights in the us but then export our labor to china and do n't care about human rights over there . we allowed them to progress quickly and become a world power without reckoning with the constraints we put on ourselves and are now surprised they do n't give a shit about the rules
when i started to outgrow his advice .
holy shit
bitte :thumbs_up:
because they look like 6 year old boys when they do that ... its disturbing
if nearly every guy had a beard that they were meticulous over you might have a different reaction . this is what i see with women , most have long hair when they 're young and take exceptional care of it . then , every single girl i 've known has made it seem like chopping off their hair was a huge deal . so i think some guys are just reflecting that norm , and these guys might just be surprised / not sure how to react . i 'm not saying it 's right or anything about that , i 'd never say anything to a girl chopping her hair off . maybe nice haircut , depending on my relationship with her , but most of the time i 'll leave it alone .
just never liked it . growing up , every chick i thought was hot had long hair ; now i just associate long hair with hotness .
jesus christ kid ... :clown_face:
just like me but wielding a battle axe having a lot of muscle , a beard and some medical clothes .
the hell working environments y'all are working at ? yes yo do ask personal questions within cordiality rules . that 's how you move from coworker to friend .
what if it 's a bad haircut and the men are the only ones being honest to you ?
ism ...
it works for some woman and some not . my opinion is that all other things being equal longer hair = hotter than short hair on the same person .
my son got me back to the gym after a work place injury . get somebody that will push you to do it and just go . get some good pre-workout , some new workout clothes / shoes and try to change for you . i also use an app to keep my workouts . have fun .
no idea . personally i love it .
so far it 's been the bad boy look with black color schemes . typically the edgy eboy for me , the sleeveless shirt does n't seem to compliment my physique unless i was at the gym i am looking into techwear since that 's getting popular and seems to similar to my style already
no more neuks
bring it on . i 'm ready ! !
you 'll be making someone with a pee fetish real happy
just not attractive on most women . some can pull it off . but long hair is just far sexier to men you take a women with short hair vs long hair and majority of men are going to prefer the long hair
apparently , we 're supposed to figure out it 's bothering her and reassure her , rather than taking her word at face value that it 's actually what she 's asking . it 's like compliment fishing .
start small and build up ... duh ?
it 's polish for : fuck me like a day laborer gets worked . that 's about as close i can get .
> at no point have i asked for people to give me their opinion about what my opinion is . tough shit , you 're going to get it anyway . consider it * charity . *
i think short hair can be super cute . i do n't mind it at all . maybe because my little sister 's hair is super long and was a pain to brush out haha
i love my wife , then she cut her hair short . almost a “ i want to speak to the manager “ type of haircut . her personality does n't reflect entitlement , so back to her cutting her hair . here 's the thing , it 's a f * * * g haircut . i still love her , and from what i can tell , the feeling is mutual . end of story .
if your drafted then your drafted , can't say i 'd be comfortable with the current regime in office , whiney libs said trump was gonna start a war , ha , we 're closer to war now than we ever was with trump .
i can't speak for other men , but short hair is not a turn off for me , in and of itself . my gf has very short hair and it is a very cute hairstyle on her . she is small and pixie-ish , though . i also have a coworker that just recently cut her hair very short , and it looks great on her as well . but for some women , long hair is going to look better . it depends on their physique , not just the shape of their face .
danke
yeah i guess tldr ; short hair = gay cred , some men will make coments but if you 're hot does n't matter
i just hit 27 , so i 'm cool on it .
gotcha . thanks for a genuine answer !
people who hate the institution of marriage do not marry ... and those that love the women enough to look past that do n't shit on their marriage . also divorces are a thing , if you 're worried about money find a girl who makes the same as you .
i think keeping them up with notes like this one are perfect - wish there was a flare for " argues with answers " lol .
> can't they just shut the fuck up and keep their opinions to themselves ? i think the same thing when needy women post on / r / askmen looking for validation
it doesnt . however if you ask my coworker-opinion and you get mad , thats on you .
plata o plomo
he 's human of course he 's made mistakes . even when i was a child he would acknowledge his mistakes and explain to me why he made them . i never had a grand realization that he was just a guy because he was always the guy that had my back no matter what . i never saw him make a decision or action that would negatively impact someone to make his own life easier or better . that 's not the kind of man he is or the kind of decision he would make .
that is definitely not ok ! wtf is wrong with people ? ?
why do these men think it 's acceptable to be so harsh about your haircut ? ! ? ! lol
had an ex that loved my eyes , said they reminded her of “ a nighttime storm ” or something like that . which was awesome because i always considered myself to have ugly eyes . they 're a kind of blue that 's dark and dull and people often mistake them for brown when they are looking close up .
it doesnt . however if you ask my coworker-opinion and you get mad , thats on you .
just start asking rando 's on the street odds are someone will say yes
this is the way . for real though , the best advice i recieved about relashionships was something along the lines of " stop looking for something different from the same person "
cycling and skiing . past few years has been like there 's always a little something more i need . or " need " , rather .
:eyes:
ja .
all you have to do is look in the mirror and tell yourself you will start tomorrow for sure .
> because now the person is less attractive so they will look more attractive in comparison when they are together . what , seriously ? going this far in your scheme to give compliment to someone is absolutely mental .
ma'am , this not a wendy 's .
your mum doesnt always say that
“ it could be , it might be ... it is , a home run ! ”
i met my wife while she had a buzzcut . we got married while she had her buzzcut . however , i dream of a day when she 'll grow her hair out . it 's just a preference of mine . we 've discussed it . ironically i 'm growing my hair out a bit and she hates it and begs me to let her cut it .
personally , i do not like extremely short hair on women . however , i also do n't go up to people i do n't know and tell them this either . i think attraction and sexuality are very complex things , i like braids , dresses , tattoos , and piercings . all of those things are attractive to me , not all of them are considered feminine
[ aw shit , here we go again . ] ( HTTPURL )
haha that 's okay . sounds difficult :persevering_face:
rick dad poor dad the art of not giving a fuck can't hurt me the compound effect think and grow rich zero to one how to make friends and influence people
there 's no justifiable cause so i do n't respond until they come and make me .
fuck no , no way . i am not going to serve . i wo n't go and kill people i do n't know , who have n't done anything to me personally , just because they live on the other side of a border . i 'm not willing to be the reason a mother never sees her child again , nor will i volunteer and risk inflicting that pain on my own mom . besides , wars are rarely about survival , and always about politics and power . i 'm not risking my life for hypocrites and megalomaniacs . i 'm not obeying orders from people who do n't care whether i die . if macron wants to participate in a war , he can damn well go and fight it himself .
it 's just a majority of preference , personally i think girls look a lot nicer when hair is cut above their shoulders . gives them a nice edgy look that i can not get over
yeah exactly ... :see-no-evil_monkey:
shame man , hope things work out for you one day . sending love <3
not personally , but you may find that a coworker or friend is less attractive than they were before , in your eyes , and you might think they 're doing themselves a disservice . like if one of my male friends got a terrible haircut , i 'm not interested in a relationship with him but i can see how he 's less attractive because of it and that might hurt his chances in the dating pool or his career or something . there 's a point to be made about how nobody owes you anything or your opinion on their looks ultimately does n't matter , but i think that ignores the real world dynamic of interpersonal relationships . i think it also depends on how friendly you two are but also how much somebody cares about your appearance , both for their eyes and for yours so to speak .
muscular and toned .
i adore short hair so i have nothing to add to this discussion .
i 've been on reddit for way too long and i do n't remember a time when the comments were n't bad jokes and outrage . it 's always been like this
that 's not true at all . that 's like saying salvador dali promoted shit and lazy painting style because he painted like a kid . it 's just your interpretation of that . and dad bod is something women like , men do n't say we like not working out
i assume they find short hair attractive
a proper knife set . no need to go for that 20pcs set . something with a good knife or 2 . along with that , some quality cooking things . pans , pots and what not . to tie it all together , practice your cooking , shopping and meal prepping skills . i do not know your money situation , but speaking from experience , takeout or constantly eating out was my downfall for a moment .
hopefully now you know i 'm not being a pos , and op is just straight up lying and getting caught in the comments
i find short hair pretty hot . last girlfriend had short hair and it drove me wild . she 's short in stature and had that the cute look for a short cut . previous girlfriend before her was taller and slimmer and got it cut short . looked a bit boyish , but i did n't really care . coworker is also shorter and had short hair and i thought it was a cute look .
its fucking raw
most common case of it are people who do n't take care of themselves in the mental , physical , and social aspect of their life . there are some who do manage themselves but that 's generally for the gratification outcome from it . i know that anything i do does n't matter in the overall universe , but i do things to get the best possible outcome that i get to experience .
cognitive dissonance does n't get much more obvious than this lmao , well put .
times a factor of 1 for each drink consumed ...
i do n't feel like it would a good fit for me , and i love my girls , but i do n't think i could stand chauffeuring to all the activities that they have .
in my case i 'm not even looking for multiple sexual partners . infact i 'm more for true love than anything else lol . it 's just that i 'm at a point in life whereby i do n't think i can remain committed to a single person like they 're my everything . i just can't and i do n't want that person to feel neglected because of this .
your submission was removed by a computer . this could be for a number of reasons , most of which are summarized in the rules text on the right . in most of these cases , the computer is right , and we will not overturn its decision . if you have re-read your question and still think this is a failure of the automated filter , message us with an actual reason as to why the computer is wrong . if you just say that you think the computer is wrong without any reasoning , we will ignore you . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i took a bite from his burger , he decided to give me the silent treatment , i was like " nah lol im out "
stands up well to modification .
its totally okay . but i mean at the very least you could say you 'd change the amount of money she brings home or anything that could make your life easier . this is just a thought experiment not real life .
that i need to work harder and not just rely on innate intelligence
normally , it 's about me being right and her being wrong
this makes me not want to get married .
i agree . was not expecting so many sweet comments
whether she can handle me hooking up with other women within the boundaries we 've created together
she was . nevis i explained my reasoning . i worry though anytime i do that though that it 'll be the last thing i ever say . lol
i would have bought her the car no matter . we were married in hong kong . she wanted to be married on american soil . so we had a courthouse union . she wants to get married by elvis in las vegas soon .
where to eat . :face_with_tears_of_joy:
is there a reason why you need a male friend in particular ?
my son .. you are on a journey , here ...
damn you caught me
it also really hurts to hang out with someone you have feelings for when you know they 're not reciprocated . would you rather they force themselves to hang out with you after getting rejected ? you 're entitled to be upset , but it 's not a shitty * thing to do * , it 's a shitty * situation to be in * . for both parties .
i do n't agree . if i want to know about a subject , reading a book is better than hoping whatever comes up on google is good . books , and you can tell which books are good way easier than studies , give an overview . a book on pneumonia will also tell you how healthy lungs function . plus books are generally written by a curious writer . studies are generally conducted by a researcher who has a financial interest in showing certain outcomes bc they are funded by corporations .
oh that 's awful . :( hope you get to a point when shes not a part of your life as soon as possible , it 's really tough
i 'd take away her mental illness . one day she 's fine and the next she 's either really depressed , really anxious , or really snippy . i love her no matter what , i 'd just like to see her live a normal life !
god bless you and your so , i hope you two are doing well !
only for women
ok now i 'm curious . explain more please
perkier tits
why do you think so ? please elaborate
feed her . rail her .
wife has a shopping addiction . she has way too many clothes and never donates what she does n't wear . bedroom and basement are storage areas . stressful
i do n't quite understand the part about changing myself . what would i need to change in order to make friends with men ?
fuck i thought i read “ tzigan ” for a second :face_with_tears_of_joy:
because you 're only paying any attention to the status of women you might be interested in .
is it not ok to love your wife for who she is ? i 'm fine , i simply love my wife unconditionally
better to try and not win then not try at all this has always been true
but you only have two hands
so ... this is probly gonna get some downvotes , but whatever . as a female gamer , you are bound to meet lots of guys that , shall we say , do n't do that well with the ladies . if you are an attractive gamer girl ... well , hun , i can promise you that you are the fucking dream girl of just about every guy you game with . do n't hold it against them . i 'm a huge gamer , myself , but i 'm very confident with women . in my experience with the hobby , though , i 'm in the minority . there is nothing hotter to me , though , than a woman i find attractive that is also into the hobby .
i can confirm this guy 's wife is a grunter
uncontrollable ... chasing dopamine and not realizing it will ruin most of these " creators " relationships .
one two three four fiiiiifth
there 's nothing to wipe
el yucateco . the regular kind
how tf do you know most / all women have someone interested in them ? how tf do you know someone is not into you as a man ? i like ( d ) a lot of women that do n't know that and probably vice versa . do n't generalize stuff like this bc its an extraordinary one dimensional view on this . maybe this applies to datingapps to a very limited degree , but datingapps are shit and they tend to harm your self confidence and give you a twisted view on the other gender ( s )
i stay simply beside myself .
believe it or not , it 's great . some people will call it cope and not believe it . some people enjoy being free to pursue multiple sexual partners and free flow between relationships .
keys , phone . pat each pocket before leaving . easy .
women are just not worth it anymore . put so much effort and money into a relationship for her to just “ lose interest ” so why waste the time , money , or stress :face_with_tears_of_joy:
she 'd always correct me if i pronounced a word wrong , in kind of a snarky annoying way . if i ever said a word she did n't know , i 'd have to convince her it was a real word , because she would seriously doubt it . she 'd just end up googling to verify it was a real word anyway , but then she 'd still question the google result .
no it definitely works as there 's no other option
i must be a weirdo , lol . never been the clingy type of chick , hell , i once turned down a second date because this dude left me like 4 voicemails before i got back home ( before cellphones ) . my job is very stressful and my alone time keeps me sane . it 's cliche but you can find the perfect relationship with lots of communication . some people require that constant connection to their partner and some do n't , neither one is a " bad " thing . i think you 'd be surprised how many women love the space .
* hisssssss *
my real name is rhett and my parents got it from the book and movie gone with the wind and one of the main characters is rhett butler . i used to drive around to businesses that were big enough to have it infrastructure but not their own it guy . i went to one place and a lady working there asked if my name really was rhett .. i said yes and even showed her my driver 's license . turns out this woman had a rhett fetish from watching the movie when she was younger . in her words , , she 'd pleasured herself while fantasizing about calling out the name rhett for years . i actually overheard her on the phone with her husband canceling their plans for the night because all of a sudden she had to work late that night . i was in my mid 20 ' s at the time and so was my rather attractive wife . this lady was in her 50 ' s . she did not get to fulfill her fantasy .
i hope you find who you are looking for ! i do n't necessarily need someone low maintenance perse , just someone with whom the maintenance is n't me doing all the emotional labor and we can meet in the middle .
maybe you did n't see in my post , i 'm not from this city and do n't know anyone . i 'd love to have a group of gfs to do * anything * with here .
so far we have had exactly 1 real true argument . and that argument was because she puts up wallpaper like she has never used her hands before ! seriously - you want to stress your relationship put up wallpaper together . i would watch a reality tv show about couples wallpapering walls because it would n't never be a train wreck .
it 's not about age , it 's about when you want and can provide for them . the upper ceiling on that is never .
if i may , for a lot of women , spending is kind of like how drug addiction or sex addiction is for many people . its a way to distract from emotional problems , an escape . a way of dealing with depression or anxiety . i recommend therapy if its an ongoing issue with random impulse buying .
tell me more about why her disinterest in being a step parent is an issue ? non issue with me and my so ...
i hear it works for bears too
as someone who 's infertile herself , this is sweet to hear . i 'm sure it 's hard for her
2 reasons for me . i do n't think i 'm ready for one yet and i 'm too busy and immature to actually think about a possibility of a potential partner .
every woman is going to be different . the thing that drives one woman wild will just drive another into unsexy anger and / or frustration . ( pro-tip : saying " well , my * last * girlfriend really liked it " does not make the situation better ) * * do n't * * ' surprise ' your partner with any of the following : - choking - slapping - butt stuff - spitting - calling them dirty names - asking them to call you specific names all of that stuff needs to be cleared ahead of time . trying to pull it off in the moment will , at best , cause some awkwardness that breaks the moment , and at worst will get your ass kicked to curb . ( not necessarily metaphorically ) if you want to do kinky or weird stuff , * do your homework first ! * there is a right way and a wrong way to choke someone in a sexy-time kind of way , and getting it wrong ruins the mood , which really sucks if they were reluctant in the first place . same stuff goes for tying people up or smacking them or butt stuff or even something like hair-pulling . there 's a wealth of knowledge about this stuff out there , so do your homework , and know what you 're doing * before * you try it out .
and then ? was she receptive ?
well , you know now . you can't change things that have happened in the past . just use the knowledge you have gained and enforce your boundaries , even ones as simple as " hey i would appreciate if we could talk this slower . " or " hey , i want to tell you i enjoy hanging out with you and i do feel like this could turn into something , but i still think we need to relax and go on a few more dates . " i am just happy to hear though you got yourself out eventually , and hope you find the right situation that works for you and / or person .
my son told me , “ you are a flake mom , ” ” but not in a bad way . ” i worked harder to tone down my “ weird ” .
one of us is hungry and tired and we start by disagreeing about something stupid which we then start taking too seriously .
this deserves so much more recognition . there is no prize given out for being queen of worrywarts .
miniatures are neato .
imho social media addiction is a serious illness .
you dont . and stop looking for a answer you want to read and not the answer we already gave you here . its true . stop trying change people , and change yourself .
if you 're anywhere close to attractive , this will be really difficult . being pretty is a privilege but like anything also has downsides . this almost sounds like you are trying to force friendships with men . why is that ? it 's obviously not working for you
some people will never get it
hell , i have been trying to explain this to the woman i dated . i have kids , she has kids . two different school districts . parenting styles . her kids are on the wild side . my eldest is an introvert . my youngest is an old soul . and she just thinks that shoving us all in to a three bedroom house will work out because she says so . ignores that she is forcing her kids to change schools and move away from their dad . because she wants it . all to “ be together ” more often than we are now . so she does n't see the future conflict with our kids . with tight spaces . with no breaks in the household space .
hey man , kids are n't for everyone good on you for getting fixed so you do n't have to worry .
honestly if it 's that kind of guy there 's not anything you can do about it . there are plenty that would rather take a shot and miss than have another long term platonic friend .
well , generalizations are always both partly true and partly false . i 'm just thinking , if i liked this lady , and she showed that she also liked me , .. and that made me no longer interested . , .. then i 'm shy or timid ( - 1 man card to jeff ) , .. that would mean i 'm inconsistent ( - 1 man card to jeff ) & #x200b ; that 's minus two man cards ! my testosterone goes down ( aaargh ) and eventually i stop getting invited to the secret mens club meetings ! i 'm betraying my gender ! i can't do that . we only get a very finite number of these cards . i can lose interest in the lady , if there is some valid reason , but her liking me is not a valid reason stop liking her . i should technically like her more . it 's really freakin easy to love people that love us , and harder to hate people that love us . it 's easy to hate people that hate us . if someone just replies " i agree " or " i second this " to a comment i make , i am encouraged to like that redditor . generalizations are valid , just not universally applicable .
whatever you guys are looking for , just convey it to the other person beforehand so they do n't fall hard for you :)
genius strategy , the work is already half done for you ...
when one of us buys the other something as a surprise gift and the other feels annoyed that we do n't have something to give at that moment . usually it 's small stuff like snacks or candy .
men like simple . women are complex .
woman here , and this is the ideal . see eachother 1 , maybe 2 times per week depending . we do exist ! a lot of my female friends want to see their men daily though , or have very quickly jumped into cohabitation .
lmao . this is me . i hit her with objectiveness all the time . unless it 's one of those " i just need someone to listen " moments . then i stfu
serious question , what 's the incentive to stay ? sex ? money ? kids ?
somewhere in my teens , i think . i realised i could n't justify the idea of creating children .
yes they are different but because i personally prefer reddit over instagram i just wanted to see if there are others like me and if yes , then what are their reasons
my qanon cultist mother-in-law
howdy
not without side pieces , you dont
ask her what 's up , compliment her and maybe get her some flowers . i do n't know ... talk it out with her if she chooses .
noticed that too , like i havnt opened it for about 2 weeks i bet i could get a match tonight despite only having 1 person in my beeline ... and it wont be that person .
first thing i 'd do is look at the available pictures . second thing i 'd do is read the profile . i 'm looking to make sure she 's pretty and not a asshole . anything else is on the table .
monty python and the holy grail , memento , the sixth sense
> i 'm never making those sounds again we feel you brother
kind of like being a man with large breasts but more beneficial
eternal sunshine of the spotless mind the dark knight end of evangelion
you are n't straight then lmao
not a hard turn off , but if there is nothing in the bio or just an instagram link , i get the feeling that i either wo n't get a reply , or a conversation will be hard work .
uncomfortable due to weight and have to deal with people staring at them .
thanks for that . i think i 'll send it to my son 's father lol . he 's a carbon copy , in every respect .
one flew over the coocoos nest , infinity war . and once upon a time in hollywood . last two had an awesome theater experience
i would look for signs that they 're not a bot .
lol so action was that good huh . congrats lady
> throw me a peanut and yell " dance , monkey , dance ! " is a hell of a bio .
inconvenient .
very uncomfortable , back pain
lol
youre calling me a racist because i 'm not attracted to all men ... i 'm saying it 's not racist to not be attracted to everyone
bags of sand
i see that and instantly just assume they are trying to get their follower count up .
tell her to get an abortion .
heavy .
this . i have that hope in my mind that we can hit off how we initially started . i just do n't wanna keep wasting my time .
work on finding that friendship breakthrough you need . target people who you think would make a good friend this will change how you feel massively . find one good friend ... become happier , others will follow . be direct ... you fancy a pint sometime , you want to watch the match . interests ... discuss them , develop new ones ... learn some jokes , dry humour and get noticed . just stick at it , make that initial friend , and their friends kinda become your friends then too ! ... be direct . i 've made friends this way . you got this find out what people are doing and be direct , pretty much invite yourself .
you call him father , son and that he has found the holy spirit
found the leftist
> what bothers me , as a single mom , is when guys just assume that we want them to assume responsibility for our kids . yup , i 'm a " single " dad . first thing i told my current partner was i was looking for a girlfriend not a replacement mom .
the matrix , harry potter , jumanji
be able to sing like axl rose . i have no musical ability and can't even carry a tune .
for movies : memento , the big lebowski , the matrix for tv shows : the expanse , lost , fringe
you must be fun at parties .
you do n't . you can't remove thoughts . you can only let them pass or challenge them . thoughts appear out of no where and every single one of us has them , well probably . here 's a weird fact for ya : > [ most people who have homicidal ideation do not commit homicide . 50 – 91 % of people surveyed on university grounds in various places in the united states admit to having had a homicidal fantasy . [ 2 ] homicidal ideation is common , accounting for 10 – 17 % of patient presentations to psychiatric facilities in the united states . ] ( HTTPURL . ) point being , most of us will think some pretty fucked up shit . it 's when your reactions to that fucked up shit become problematic . are you chronically anxious ? do you want to hurt yourself or other people and plan to do so ? then ya go to therapy .
no information , or photos that make me think " why would use that photo ? " no information just leaves me with nothing to talk about dont put that " ask me if you wanna know " bs cause when i do ask you still dont know anything about yourself . poor photo choices and placement is just a personal thing , like you aint even gonna take the effort to 1 . put up nice photos of yourself and i dont mean done up for a night out , i just mean non blurry , like in the age of camera phones you cant take 2 seconds to reshoot that selfie ? nah times up its that one or nothing ? makes me thing you dont want matches . and 2 . positioning , again take 2 seconds to reorder your photos why is that blurry photo of your dinner your first photo anyway ? basically if it doesnt look like you care about your profile i know you are only half in this .
you 're still a better person than she is
i doubt you and your friends know anyone in this comment thread .
i am asking men , thanks .
capeshit
who exactly is " u guys " ?
i 'm a single dad of 2 .. when i was dating before meeting my current partner , i had i have 2 kids in my profile even picture of me with them .. a woman super liked me on tinder .. she had " i do n't want children " .. i asked her why she super liked me when it was obvious we werent compatible .. they just replied with expletives lol .
so an app designed to give you people to swipe based on some pictures and words is n't shallow at all ? buddy , you 're fake as hell
thor ragnarok , ringu , sairen
no full pics pics with that are retouched
the hazards of internet dating . met one woman whose photo was of her 15 years earlier taken dolled up as a bridesmade .
not 100 % sure but i think about 21
i would have to agree one of the classics i never get tired of !
lol
astrology / crystal girls . i 'm just not interested . we do n't have anything in common . you wo n't like me any more than i like you if you think " mercury rising " had an effect on your personality , or that certain rocks can ward off nightmares . hard pass .
buy her a cat lol
when she stops texting back .
trust someone .
did n't take herself too seriously , made jokes about semi serious topics
as a woman who 's always game to get d \ * ck pics / vids from my bf , it 's hot as hell . he knows that it only takes me one look at his junk and i 'm ready to go lol
avatar the last airbender and then i 'll promptly walk out before it begins so that i can live blissfully with no memory of how they completely botched the series with this movie .
do you know how many people are abused , assaulted , raped , talked down to , and treated like shit because they are women ? ? ? all i fucking do is try to understand people and explain things and educate people , but then i see all the double standards and i try to explain my side and all i get is sexist comments about how i just do n't understand .
lots of back pain . i have three female friends who had big boobs who got breast reductions because it became unbearable
i fucking love that intro / credit track ! haha but yeah ... that is one of the most perfect movies for me . i love everything about it ... the entire concept of the story , the cheesy acting , the tongue in cheek humour . and also the visuals , the creepy atmosphere , the soundtrack .
" happy wife , happy life " : it normalises accepting toxic relationships and / or relationships being all one way .
ayo ?
cum *
when you have to chase them . whether they reject you immediately , or they play games and try to make you work for it , there 's nothing to be won . if you talk to a girl and she does n't immediately show interest in you or anything you say , wave off . the best way to gauge this is whether they smile or not . if she does n't genuinely smile at you when you talk to her , she 's not actually interested . your time is better spent elsewhere .
chm shots make me thirsty
seeing the words queen , princess , or goddess .
a severe and sudden lack of interest , or general apathy , especially in men , is a major symptom of depression . especially if you 've lost all interest in doing stuff you normally love .
thanks .
the dating profile .
father son
smoking , religious , spiritual , crystal energies and bs in general .
smokers .
i do n't imagine that . i imagine them enthusiastically shoving them into my face .
if she seems dismissive or if she 's not putting in the same amount of effort as you
no hookups
hell yeah ! ! !
except it 's an incredibly vague platitude that is easily interpreted in a million other ways . people always told me just be yourself and you 'll get freinds be happy etc . no being myself totally made me completely alone , cause me to develop emotional issues , caused me social anxiety . that is the most bullshit and unspecific platitude in history and it means fuck all . who is yourself is literally one of the most complex and convoluted topics in philosophical history and telling that to kids is bullshit . i should 've done what everyone else did and became conventional . that is one of the few things i should 've listened to my peers about instead of old men , i would have freinds and a life if i did n't listen to that bullshit advice . instead i work ten hour night shifts , have severe social anxiety , and an battling myself to figure out who i actually am .
ok mrs fortune teller 🤦‍♂
by having a great personality and care about hygiene , and well dressed .
“ make me laugh ” “ entertain me ”
very uncomfortable , back pain
i fucking love reddit .
tiring .
some woman was talking on the phone on her porch with no top on .
pretty sure they did that because someone 's else actually did it as a joke and it worked . do n't recall the details ... but for this to work the couple had some chemistry there .
kindly go fuck yourself
please tell me how old you are
yeah , in the elbow . this was almost 8 years ago
because humans are incredibly good at throwing stuff compared to every other animal .
the constant laughter . i 'm a bit asthmatic . not serious . i run and play sports no problem . usually causes me problems when i get sick . when . i first got together with the girl that became my wife ... she was / is side splitting funny , i had to rummage around in my junk drawer to find my inhaler . she would leave me gasping for air , , some of rhe hilarious shit she would come up with . that girl literally too my breath away .
duck face pics
white girls who only date a specific skin colour , short girls who only date guys that are over 6 ' 5 , any girls who put a covid vaccination checkmark / frame over their profile pic or a fuckin flag filter
the best comment yet
interstellar , dune , divergent
any tips on this cause we tried once and he did n't like it but i do n't know what i 'm doing .
sinister , pitch perfect 1 , bad santa
it literally means to put yourself out into a position to interact with people socially . leave your house , be in public , and work on being open and friendly to anyone and everyone around you .
did she cheat ?
in 8th grade a girl who i had never met before came up and introduced herself to me just to tell me she would n't date me , then just walked away and i never saw her again .
how is it a deeply moral choice ? not everyone is intelligent enough to be a neuroscientist or astrophysicist . not everyone has the manual dexterity to beat surgeon , or the athleticism to be a professional athlete . at the end of the day , most people are n't capable of doing those " highest top positions " as you put it . doing manual labor like construction because you 're not capable of doing other things does n't make it a moral choice . choosing to do construction work despite your ability to make the nba , nfl , etc could be argued to be a deeply moral choice . simply doing it because it 's all you can do is n't .
if it 's also ok to discard it then fuck are you replying for ?
possibly because they 're cunts and feel they can get away with it . meaning , no white knight is going to defend an ugly girl . yet they 'll fold like a house of cards if confronted .
" no offense to anyone , but gingers are n't attractive in the slightest but that one is an exception " my boss in front of myself a ginger and a few others . laughter when i asked them out .
pay for a quick divorce
this goes both ways . hardly gender specific .
i will invest it and get 220 % returns .
i 'm only 21 & i strongly agree
i could finally have a full tank of gas .
in my dreams , maybe .
my music teacher laughed at me for trying to sing with the class during an arts party .
pants them .
i do n't think is playing games to say what you feel . he feels that he is not ready for a relationship . he was being honest . he does n't want her to leave . he might even love her , but is that love that allows him to be honest and push her back so he wo n't hurt her . that is not a game , that is him trying to protect her because he loves her and he thinks he is not ready . and that is when the girl does n't listen and fights for him , she loves him too much , that she does n't care if he can't be 100 % for her right now .. she loves it to much to leave , so she will risk getting hurt to fight for him . if that is not romantic i do n't know what is . manipulative ? definitely not . they would both be honest .
actually men are cruel to all . karen 's who do n't know how to behave .
i can pay off 2 courses that i 'm taking as part of my masters and pay rent for two months .
about size and shape ... i 'm satisfied , idk about girls , i do n't have sex have a loooooooong time . but it 's much more darker than my skin overall
aww mannnnn . you guys are cool asf
if she ain't a virgin the choice is easy .
how much thoughts ? ? ? all the thoughts ... it 's not something i take lightly .
how horny she was ... oh and the fact that she swallowed
i 'll take it if someone is giving it , but nothing changes . i add it to my investments and life goes on .
darn it !
if you are a guy then try washing your penis before putting it back inside .
pretty dang happy with it . it 's definitely earned me a reputation in my city . :face_with_tears_of_joy:
violence time .
giving up the things you love . i used to love reading books . i had a couple of girlfriends in a row who took offense at reading in their presence . like it was an insult or something . i felt like henry bemis from [ time enough at last ] ( HTTPURL ) . my girlfriend would go to the bathroom and i 'd grab my book out of hiding and get a paragraph in before she came back . if you have a jealous girlfriend , you have to cut off your female friends . once i cut off my last female friend , she started in on my male friends . tried to take up painting once . every time i 'd pick up the brushes , my girlfriend thought of a chore that needed doing . i basically have no hobbies left . they were all taken from me one by one .
is she a woman ? then there are n't any .
> you do n't deserve love > i hate you so much
im sure i have i friend that you would like .
you mean that now , and for good reason . but man they grow on you . may you find healing and happiness and loyalty with good communication once , and for all .
i 'm gonna assume they mean smoking pot and not ciggies lol i 'd say communal smoking ( of pot ) can sorta be like a hobby , back when i was more of a run-of-the-mill stoner . you get together with your group of stoner buddies regularly and light up , and have a decent time . pretty standard fare for mj smokers , its often a social drug just like alcohol .
i 've been told i was the second or third choice because of how nice i was . two points to make here . 1 . they could n't score the asshole they were pursuing and that i was the back up . 2 . it 's a little fucked up it happened more than once .
hunny bunny
deep throating . lawd ...
not much to be honest . 3m + would be life changing .
i 'm sorry but being short is not a reason to be disrespected .
a girl once told me in latin class in high school that if i were a baby she would have suffocated me to death . pretty weird how only she laughed after that and the rest of the room was silent .
i think you assume the worst of people . yes there 's data being made to say certain things , but you can make * any * data say anything you want , it 's all in how you frame it even though we do n't play the lottery , except for a scratch off like once every other month , my fiance and i already know what we 'd do with " a pile of money " , we 've had that conversation .
the thing is i do n't really take it seriously , confrontation is like a game and if i get punched i 'm fine with it . i guess i 'm a bit of a clown in that sense
your submission was removed by a computer . this could be for a number of reasons , most of which are summarized in the rules text on the right . in most of these cases , the computer is right , and we will not overturn its decision . if you have re-read your question and still think this is a failure of the automated filter , message us with an actual reason as to why the computer is wrong . if you just say that you think the computer is wrong without any reasoning , we will ignore you . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
this is the way . having sex without having to worry about accidental kids is awesome . i have zero regrets about getting clipped .
it was my first one . woke me up sexually ( and i was 19 )
suicide hotline numbers if you or anyone you know are struggling , please , please reach out for help . you are worthy , you are loved and you will always be able to find assistance . argentina : + 5402234930 430 australia : 131114 austria : 01713337 4 belgium : 106 bosnia & herzegovina : 080 05 03 05 botswana : 3911270 brazil : 2123391 91 bulgaria : 0035 9249 17 223 canada : 5147234000 ( montreal ); 18662773553 ( outside montreal ) croatia : 01483388 8 denmark : + 4570201201 egypt : 7621602 finland : 010 195 202 france : 01453940 00 germany : 08001810771 hong kong : + 852 2382 0000 hungary : 116123 iceland : 1717 india : 8888817666 ireland : + 4408457909 090 italy : 8008600 22 japan : + 8103528690 90 mexico : 5255102550 new zealand : 05088288 65 the netherlands : 113 norway : + 4781533300 philippines : 02896919 1 poland : 5270000 russia : 00782025775 77 spain : 9145900 50 south africa : 05144456 91 sweden : 4631711240 0 switzerland : 143 united kingdom : 08006895652 usa : 18002738255 you are not alone . please reach out . * * * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically .
black , brown and the trans flag are there to represent the intersection of black , brown and indigenous trans people 's important history and experiences in the lgbtq movement , they are n't excluding anyone . and are n't the majority of asian people brown anyways ? what color , if any , would you choose to have represent queer asian people with ?
i just say , if makes sense for that person " you look symmetrical . and for us , humans , symmetry it 's a big factor in looks pretty . "
ran into a girl at a bar whom i had previously worked with for a couple years . had a girlfriend when we worked together but this was a few years later . she got to asking about my girlfriend and was shocked when i told her she had cheated on me . " really ! ? " " yeah ... " " but ... you 're hot ! ! " i still think about that a lot .
my mom told me that i should kill myself a handful of times
" i promise i did n't cheat on you ! " she did , 4 times infact .
i will up vote it again for you
this
it all depends where she falls on the crazy / hot chart .
i asked a girl out after she was bullied for being " ugly " in secondary school . she said " no " i said " okay " a month later she says " why does nobody want me " like . b word . please . i 'm still sooo mad about it and it 's been 10 years .
" you have nice eyes " grade 10 , ~ a decade ago , i remember it often
what really counts is being the first tho .
50 % - 60 %
when i was in elementary school two random girls who i did n't even knew and were probally like 2 grades above me just told me how big my eyelashes were and how they wish theirs looked like that , and till ' today i could never forget that . there 's not a lot of stuff i really like about myself nowadays , but i 'll never stop being proud of my eylashes as a man .
yo fuck this thread of comments
if it 's a free $ 150k , i would invest some and use the rest to help change many people 's lives .
is that when you decided to leave her ?
you 're the sweetest person i 've ever met .
stop rubbing it in ! i wish i dropped out !
first day of highschool , i was wearing shorts , and my legs had started to get pretty hairy by that point . i go to school , literally not even on campus for 1 minute , and a girl walking by stops in front of me , looks at my legs , goes " eww " and then walks away . still selfconscious about my legs even into my 20s
horny me thinks it would be erotic if a woman calls me daddy during sex . non-horny me thinks its weird . i definitely would n't want to be called it anywhere other than the bedroom .
it would n't change my life but would help pay down some debt .
i 've had bigger and better :sleepy_face:
how ?
saving / invest , would pretend it never happened and move on with my life .
insecurities
you cant stick $ 8k in an ira man . whats the 2022 limit this year ?
my gf told me i was the 2nd most attractive guy she 's been with . she instantly took it back and said she did n't mean it but i feel like she did
i 've had a few complements here and there , but the only one that actually meant anything to me was when i was a child and another girl said she liked my shirt . every other compliment was some hollow compliment saying i was " sweet " . under the circumstances , the compliment did n't mean anything to me .
" i should fucked him and you other 2 friends that ever dating you " ohh boy , do it shatter everything i believe love is about , took me 2 years to recover , yet still its hard to fall for other girl or having the guts to talk to one in that way
u gotta have common core values not common activities . rethink that
here looking for tips ...
i 'm glad you realized you 're actually the lambo and she could n't afford you !
wait is this a metaphor or is she talking about actual cars ? i want to marry a metaphorical prius man way more than a lambo . lambo is high maintenance , impossible to keep up with , and does n't have much room for other people . a prius is a responsible purchase , has a fabulous turning radius , is efficient , and has more space inside than you would expect . you should feel great about being a prius ! that 's a good partner . i owned a real prius and loved it .
iirc 20 % of women between the age of 18 and 24 are virgins .
probably because she was cheating on him and paranoid he 'd to it to her
the computer flagged this as a frequently asked question . use the search bar . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i wish i did n't have understand it . seme = active person in sex . uke = passive person in sex . so , please , not everyone here is a weeb . try to use english . about your question , once i get green light , i 'm active and ... pretty dominant ? once a girl kissed me first ... them i got her to a room and well ... did whatever i want ... funny she hugged me pretty strongly and blamed my height ( too tall for her )
i would invest
my grandma used to slice up hotdogs in my oatmeal .. back then i liked it . ahh good times ( love old grams , it 's the thought that counts :face_with_tears_of_joy: )
would n't make a dent . what about you ?
seductive
hatchbacks fuck .
you are handsome
i did n't say that . i went for a little then dropped out
wow , who 's the pos that tagged this " special snowflake ? "
write it down
how did you come to accept that , if you do n't mind me asking ? i want to know if there is anything i should do to accelerate that acceptance for myself , i feel it would make things easier .
all these post suck
we are n't allowed to want anything . i can't count how many time people have told me i do n't deserve anything at all , and i 'm starting to believe .
i done a experiment before with different profiles with different traits . the totally hot dude living in parents basement unemployed with spelling mistakes on profile giving 1 word answers to most messages was the one getting the most attention .. i had women sending lingerie selfies teasing to get ' my ' attention . same women that would discard my messages from the other profiles or say " all . men are the same , just want sex " , but would invite the hot guy around their house for . " some . fun " even before meeting up
i like it . very simple , " hey dudes ! "
confidence . i have none . every time i would feel good i would get yelled at and so it went away .
cut contact with her if there is any . workout . pretend you do n't care until you actually do n't .
both " females " and " men " are both plural .
thank you !
after having a discussion with her , no that was n't at all what she was saying . but good on you for putting words in her mouth :p
are you a woman ?
mens , and women 's bathrooms are over there , who says females washroom ?
i stopped doing this , i grew up around some misogynistic cultures that would say this , so i interally would repeat what was said , but as i got older , i got called out on saying " females " to describe women . saying females as a noun , does sound cringey , because it 's never used in good terms , saying ; " females nowdays " , these " females " . usually has a negative tone to it .
> i think everyone agrees with me , that means i 'm right ! i do n't even need to know statistics , haha ! ! 1 ! actual cringe lmao . everyone once thought the earth was flat , you might want to go back to school to avoid your argumentum ad populum . oh wait , you do n't know what that is either , do you ? sad !
what 's the job ?
toxic masculinity is harmful to men also . allot of people dont feel like they can be themselves becouse of the toxic men around them . sometimes you cant speak our because your outnumbered . there are times i wanted to say something but could n't becouse i would be outnumbered .
that is n't a very good argument . you may have been mistreated but that is n't descriptive of society cause i do n't think this is the case in other households
after i gave evidence in operation goldfinch back in the 90s .
a half second google search would have shown that they lump everyone with the same skin color into “ race ” . thanks for playing kiddo !
dudes and dudes ? we 're all dudes
this .
the question is addressing people who say " females " and " men " not female / male or women / men .
you 're *
is it that men are incapable or is it that it takes two to tango and a lot of men are just ... left over ?
> if they know the whole story it will only increase the isolation . there 's a quote from suits that stuck with me that captures this sentiment quite well - " it 's easier to push away the people who care about you than tell them the real story " - donna i forget which season it was said in but iirc , she was saying it to harvey . it made too much sense for me when i heard it so i had to write it down
creamy pussy
new nurse here . why would n't one nurse as a witness be enough ? ?
this rejection sucks more than getting zero matches , because you have a glimmer of hope , which is squashed by apathy .
height is an important factor in attraction but these numbers are a bit arbitrary and many women and even men for that matter have a skewed idea of height . i am just 6ft but have very long limbs and am slim so appear taller and girls 5 ' 8 and under usually think i 'm like 6 ' 3 and there have been many times guys significantly shorter than me have said they 're 6ft and guys my height saying they 're 6 ' 2 . 99 % of these girls who would turn down a guy thats 5 ' 10 bc he 's not 6ft would have absolutely no idea in real life . 5 ' 8 makes tinder hard but tinder is not real life fellas do n't get down 5 ' 8 is n't short in real life there are plenty of women who find dudes that height attractive
i think you 've lost the thread of this conversation friend . if you accuse someone 's father of adultry and they dispute that , you can't act indignant while accusing the other person of hypocrisy .. at this point you 're just making noise for the sake of making noise . feel free to get the last word in because i 'm done with your tirade . anyway i 'm gonna go eat a bagel , buh-bye .
facts . happened to me .
i remember way back when and i complimented my coworkers new hair style as it looked pretty good on him . you could just see the beam of happiness on his face , i think the only good compliment i 've gotten looks wise was by a gay dude at pride lmao . i took that compliment and ran with it lol
young women should n't be allowed to ask me for something weighty like an idealistic and lasting relationship until they can tell me how many men out of ( 10 ) are likely to wash their hands after using the restroom . currently the answer is about 6.5- 7/10 . you have a lot of older guys 60 + who do n't wash their hands , construction workers . the number i am using is just based here in the u . s . i am uncertain if the number is higher / lower depending on where you are . for instance is it lower in south america / higher in europe ?
i had this conversation with a date from tinder who became a lover once . she showed me her profile and geez , there were hundreds to thousands of right swipes a day and then i got it . she can not possibly evaluate these , for her its pick one that showed up at the time she thought she needed to pick one and looked okay . there is no way she could even glance at a fraction of them let alone take a long hard look which is what she did when she did look . i did ask her why me and she gave an answer i just do not remember it . i do also recall , in looking , that the stereo types that were so obviously fake / false as to be comical were the norm . honest looking profiles or even ones that were not comical to me were the minority of who was swiping on her . i felt sorry for women in that moment of realization at how its a jungle full of all manner of predators for her that she has to brave to find a mate . very happy that i get to be a man and i will be and have been a good , moral , honest and forthright one . i just can not get over how dangerous emotionally and otherwise the world is for her , for them . and how tough they all are to navigate it . there is no danger for me in dating . such a very different experience . i do n't know if i am average or not in this or that way but my expectation of online dating is you are compatible with maybe 1 to 10 percent of the ones who like your profile and there is no way to know until you meet . so maybe your expectations are off .
well that hit close to home . stared at a shotgun for awhile last year and all i could hear was “ do it ” over and over again . finally got professional help though . got tired of pretending i do n't have feelings for the sake of looking “ manly ” enough .
you have to want to . it is n't going to just magically happen . therapy is a good option / finding someone to hold you accountable for your actions .
i got very few straight male friends exactly because of this , gay or bi guys are easier to talk about personal and emotional stuff , either that or i talk to my mom / therapist . btw if your friends never go past the stupid or funny conversations , they are n't really your friends .
i would probably end up laughing :grinning_face_with_sweat: then explain to her why , so that she does n't think i 'm making fun of her or that i 'm thinking badly of her .
bruce became a common name for gay men to adopt in the 80s when they came out . the trend was fueled by the popularity of bruce springsteen .
oh , if english is your second language , that 's completely understandable . you write english really well , i had no idea it was n't your first language .
" i 'm sure i 'd find a way to make it work . " got me brownie points . the question was , would you still love me if i woke up looking like russell crowe , and not the gladiator era one either , the modern day , 60 - year-old russell crowe .
i read that as lady sex player . 🤦‍♂
extremely different situation though . the other one listed was a family walking in the middle of the night , crossing an intersection with no crosswalk or lights . it does n't say anything about the driver going fast , it could very well be one of those deer in the headlight type situations .
there 's a difference between asking and telling ...
talk to a man , do n't ask strangers on the internet .
:thumbs_up:
eat , shit , work , eat , sleep , repeat . this comment is mod approved . dont want to answer honestly for fear of being labeled a " snowflake " . thanks mods !
getting lunch is between coffee & dinner i feel like . super casual , can go for a walk afterward . i 'd usually ask after a day or two of talking . or like , " hey , want to go rock climbing on sunday ? " - whatever activity .
it 's ' ukraine ' and not ' the ukraine ' consider supporting anti-war efforts in any possible way : [ [ help 2 ukraine ] ( HTTPURL ) ] :blue_heart: :yellow_heart: [ [ merriam-webster ] ( HTTPURL ) ] [ [ bbc styleguide ] ( HTTPURL ) ] ^ ( beep boop i 'm a bot )
i have a stupid full head of hair . i 'm finally at the age now where women who are around my age will at some point bring up my hair being the way it is , but with that being said absolutely . i instantly respect a man more who just handles it and shaves their hair instead of having the receding hairline . it is the wrong way to live .
yes , but when does it peak ? now or later ?
nothing is stopping us from going back to that . the reason we are n't is because it wo n't make us happier . i appreciate extravagant computers and phones and i do n't for a goddamn second believe taking them away will make me happier
we , as a society , need to divorce how we feel about a man from his ability to accumulate accolades and currency . men have no intrinsic value , only the value of what they can accumulate or adorn themselves with on the greater society 's terms . we , as a society , need to dispense with the idea that men must manage on their own when harmed as it breeds isolation and resentment that permeates other aspects of society . we , as a society , need to acknowledge and understand the man 's inner world as a first class issue . we will never take mental healthy seriously enough if we continue to browbeat , exclude , isolate , demonize , and burden men up to their breaking point then wonder why they did n't get help sooner . we , as a society , need to formalize new social roadmaps if we are to continue to expect men to operate first or lead in social interaction . we can not expect order and consistency in a vacuum . we , as men , need to stop being competitive with each other over women or the ability to look or feel correct . too often we build our own isolation by being too willing to run afoul of the next man . we , as men , need to acknowledge the full range of women , good and bad . women have more range than the bifurcation of bitches and queens . bitter men and white knights both create problems . discussing the issues men typically have with women should n't be a referendum of women or femininity , nor should those issues be dismissed because our society can't stand the sound of men complaining . we , as men , need to deal with the guys that make our lives difficult more readily . idiot men push women out of our hobbies so we find fewer women who deeply share our interests . idiot men behave like shit in dating from lashing out after rejection , to stalking , to date rape . they make every woman more wary of you ; less likely to respond positively with higher expectations . predators damage entire communities . they all need to get got . we , as men , need to remember that our presence matters . people can say what they want online , but every time something pops off , people are glad to have prepared , trained , men on hand to help fix it . ask the ukraine . there are always problems to fix . if you float through life , impacting nothing and no one , it is a choice you can always change .
yeah what i mean to say is that i do n't do it intentionally , but since i 'm not as comfortable in english i 'll sometimes write " female " instead of " woman " without noticing . if i do notice tho i 'll make sure to use the right word
and you 've gone off the rails into misogyny discussion . never once can you discuss this with a woman without you mentioning extreme viewpoints , again speaks volumes of the biases * you hold * and not what i 've expressed here . i expressed your reply directly implies men simply can't talk to women like normal people , i just said that 's deeply biased of you to even imply . honestly i know not everything is perfect for women , but how come every time we discuss * * any * * negative societal norm that effects men we have to pre-face it with " but think of the women " ? do you get how redundant such a conversation would be . it would literally go like this every single discussion with you : " women do n't have it perfect . but they do n't understand how always having to take the initiative eventually leads to each initiative being treated like just another rejection / number ? " " women do n't have it perfect . but they do n't understand the irrational standards young women have today . " you can keep two threads at once and if every single negative experience men have can be explained by " but men are rude to women " - how is it not all doom and gloom for us men born after the previous generations of men literally fcuked society up for all of us ? to think for a second we men have n't heard all of those stories already , that we do n't know full well a dick-pic do n't lead to a meaningful conversation , everyone does . it 's so f * cking tiring and you as a woman will never understand that what we men need is a place where we can actually discuss certain things without always putting women on a pedestal . to just feel wanted in dating is something many many more men never will feel compared to women .
i 'm not american . also , responsibility for what ?
when i realized i 'm more familiar with a number of peoples body parts more than there names .
i invited a girl i knew to a party in college . her boyfriend showed up at my house a few hours later with friends looking for me . fortunately the party was large and my crew handled it without incident before i was even aware , but if it had been a small event it might have gotten bad
being ugly
yes , it 's confirmed then , they looking for dick guaranteed .
well to be fair , that is n't every woman ... though of course , every woman you described is also like every woman i described too lol . so ... you are n't wrong , haha .
why do men think the average woman is just getting showered in compliments regularly ? i get compliments from my bf and that 's about it . i can still remember the two times i had guy friends tell me i had pretty eyes in high school and i 'm twenty nine . when was the last time you gave a genuine compliment to someone outside of your family ?
because there is nothing in between true and untrue
hair loss scares are real and they are terrifying .
first , it is n't a gendered thing . there are women who pay alimony , there are women who pay child support . whichever parent has the means to support the child must support the child . i do n't care what is between that parent 's legs . from each according to ability , to each according to needs . a child who can't be supported financially makes the sense world a worse place . second , children born from unplanned pregnancies often face a range of developmental risks . data indicates that these children report poorer physical and mental health compared to children born as the result of an intended pregnancy . so , no .
place a profile on dating sites as a male . even use photos of a good looking male , like and 8 or 9 , and observe how different the online dating experience is from being a female . it 's still frustrating but in entirely different ways .
ugh . compliments are huge . two come to mind for me . i recently had a female co worker , who is much younger than me , tell me that i was one of only two men she felt safe around . while it makes me feel awful that this young woman feels that way around men , i also took it as a huge compliment , and i probably wo n't ever forget it . and i 'll never stop trying to be that . no one should ever feel unsafe . another was when a barista told me that my mustache was awesome . ( i grow my beard out in the winter and typically let the stache get pretty big and handlebar it ) it completely caught me off-guard and i literally think of it every single time i visit that coffee chain , not just that location .
you 're not more important than men .
literally abusive . women have far more experience , brain connections , and support for their emotions . this would be like a man slapping a woman because we have more muscle mass .
even a stick can draw a knife or a gun . or bite or scratch you and cause nasty infections .
this is false
there 's actually a really old hilary clinton quote about how the real victims of war are n't the men who die but the women and children left behind . seemed tone deaf as fuck to me , but that 's probably why she lost the election . i think she was very competent at her job but just did n't have the charisma bill did , and let 's face it : elections are popularity contests lol .
is n't it a reddit specific thing though ? like how everyone starts a question with " i ( f18 ) met my boyfriend ( m66 ) blah blah blah ... " ? seems to me reddit has normalized this wonky way of speaking .
means you 're with the wrong woman . my fiance is super insecure about his balding head and his weight . do i care ? i care about his feelings but do n't give a shit if he 's bald or a little heavy . i gotta say it 's hard for both parties to find someone they can share their feelings and insecurities with . if you 're a woman with the wrong guy , you can be written off as crazy by sharing insecurities . this is n't just a man problem
florida ; visited twice as a young child and loved it , but now i do n't see any reason to go back
tbh , me either . i feel like it 's more like , you find people because of a shared hobby and then you see which ones really click and you share other interests and beliefs with , and then that real friendship comes from time - every time you catch up , and then those big moments like when you help each other move , have a big event , help each other through some emotional shit ... that builds that “ real ” friendship .
i 'm a believer in women are attracted to funny men . i used to be 6 ' 0 250ish pounds , ( i hate to say this as i 'll sound full of myself ) but i can be pretty charming , and i 'm funny . i 'm bang average but throughout friends of friends and college i was able to hook up with girls that i had 0 business hooking up with . i was called ugly once by a lil cardio bunny and simply rolled it off the shoulder and kept on shooting the shit . people like to be around people who make them have a good time , was i blown off a couple of times because of my looks and weight at the time ? absolutely , but they 're just not attracted to and i just moved on , no biggie . buuuutttttt when it comes to tinder it 's all about looks . looks first -> profile second , i 've never tried the app as i 've seen my female friends use it and it 's just “ oof ” witnessing that as a man . i would get 0 chance to communicate with a girl on that thing
you need to find better friends .
ahh , the no true scotsman fallacy yes ? changing the term some few professionals use to be more inclusive doesnt change the fact that the term itself is loaded and used to put the blame on men at large . & #x200b ; the problem isnt the definition , but the noun itself ... toxic masculinity as a term is an attack . it implies that its the act of being male itself a toxic thing and begins the whole conversation of the wrong foot . the real problem , should be coined as " improper gender expectations " because lets be real , thats a door that goes both ways . its ironic to me , because your post literally asks men what you should know to see things from our perspective better . i pointed one of those things out , and youve felt the need to correct be about how i feel is wrong . and in doing so , you placed everything on the shoulders of men . " in the same way , “ toxic masculinity ” was coined by men who were psychologists as basically a name for these negative impacts on men . those expectations on men . part of what that group of psychologists also believed was build a healthier masculinity where men could feel comfortable and not judged for embracing their emotions . " & #x200b ; so why does men coining the term mean that it need to be perpetuated ? because its mens fault ? " for me , i believe just like women led feminist movements and men supported them , men have to lead movements again the things that make it so men can not show emotions , that they are seen as less nurturing , and those unhealthy competitive environments , and that women need to support the men doing that . for example , with feminism and gender equality , men should call out other men being sexist . women should call out other women for being gross and sexist , and reinforcing these things . " i agree with you here , but once again you put the onus on men only , as if men are the only ones perpetuating those ideas . just as many women perpetuate these stereotypes as men . its why i dont like the terms " feminism " which is positively loaded , and " toxic masculinity " or " the patriarchy " which are negatively loaded . we could easily say mens rights , as in men have the right to be emotional and vulnerable and not be subjected to certain conditions . but even the idea of " mens rights " gets laughed at even though mens rights and toxic masculinity are two sides of the same coin . and both are closely tied to womens rights and feminism . hell , even sharing my oppinion garners downvotes simply for dissagreeing with the terminology and the generally spoken opinion that men are at fault . everybody wants to talk about how men expecting xyz out of other men is toxic masculinity , but nobody wants to acknowledge on the same level that women expecting the same thing from men is just as big of a problem . i dont expect you to understand , but if you took the time to read that , i do appreciate that much and thank you for your time .
you do n't need to be in a relationship for those things though ?
yeah , it do be like that online it seems . it definitely skews to characteristics that are more easily translatable through that medium , such as hotness . as a dude who was raised believing the whole be funny and a good dude thing , dating has n't been great . idk maybe i 'm not as funny or good a person as i think ! anyways , ultimately i just feel like focusing on yourself is best regardless , do stuff you 're interested in and meet people in those spaces , and work on your health / fitness / mental wellbeing , etc .
i do n't visit this subreddit regularly , so this is new to me . i 'm sure it 's new for a lot of people as well
i worked with a guy that dressed really well , used a lot of color in his shirts and wardrobe . i was impressed so i complemented him on how well dressed he was and that i liked that he used color , he said his wife picks out all of his wardrobe and i told him no shade on that at all she has good taste . later i found out apparently he 'd told his coworker aka my boss that he thought i was hitting on him . i do n't hit on anyone and definitely not on people i know are married , so i do n't complement any guys anymore .
yeah that 's the good old pull out method
hope you get the help you need . humanity deserves better
on what universe does this ever happen ?
well if you 're actually curious why it 's a catching point for other people , you 're in the right place . read some of the comments in opposition to the use of females beside males . it 's all right there . your response to those comments will show you how you feel about it . i really do n't know what any of the rest of your comment is supposed to mean .
i know it 's important to respect what other people say and their perceptions of reality , but i honestly think you are probably getting an impression of how women feel about men sharing their feelings from women who will give you a biased impression regardless of the reality , and then on top of that there is the fact that the men they have in their lives probably know better than sharing actual feelings with these women . men are suffering and if you 're not keenly aware of that in your everyday life then it 's because they just know better than telling you .
it could be , or it could be that he 's very well adjusted and there are things he likes and things he does n't like .
at exactly one thousand . i 've never liked the american english way of expressing thousands with hundreds , always confused my non native speaker brain . in my language you start counting thousands at 1000 so i just carry that over
got into this middle school because i loved the place . got into science because i was the only path besides economy and latin that was still avaliable after a few years on this school ( and did n't like studying languages at all ) . went max math mode because it gace me the least amount of language hours . went into engineering because of the math , without study math specifically . call it luck , or just a good flow , or coincedence
i definitely think there would be less of this ' women have everything , we have nothing ' mentality i see around here .
sure you can walk with me but we should go somewhere where there 's people like stores or something , if we 're in a neighborhood we 'll knock at someone 's house to call the cops
shit my marriage ended because i opened up to my wife lol
i would not stay in a sexless relationship . we have one life and i need to express that side of me ... a relationship with no intimacy is even worse than one with no sex . i also see sex as a 24/7 thing , so sex is always happening with my partner ... maybe not piv , but i am always having sex ... even doing the dishes i might pin her from behind and make her cum or surprise her with a good spanking or teasing or something all the time ... also setting tasks like no underwear day ... if you are n't happy with it , create the change you want to see ...
you got to do the right mating dance .
ashley . hate that name .
" sorry , got lost in thought while imagining you doing that to me . i must 've done it without thinking . "
i hate to sound like every other person giving out advice about this stuff , but time really does heal all wounds , so just try to be patient . if i 'm honest i could n't see the light for a whole year and a half or something like that . but i swear man , one day i woke up and shit just did n't really hurt or mattered to me all that much , and it 's been uphill from there . just sit tight and get back on the horse if you can , be young while you 're still young you know
partly why i lost faith in relationships with women honestly . looking at how a majority of marriage serves the guy , ain't nothing in it ?
correct me if i 'm wrong but i think æ is pronounced ' ash ' .
poor guy is so cowed he 's willing to " agree " that you are " trying to solve the ' problem ' together " just to get a few moments ' peace . rip , brother .
nah , they would have moved they can't normally use . whatever the fastest grass type is having spore and confuse ray or supersonic or whatever other confuse causing moves ( which ever has higher accuracy ) . then have substitute and rest ( since near everything can learn it in acerus ) . or others that just hit you with status effects while increasing the defensive stats . the only way for me to win is for you to hurt yourself in confusion . call it the speed runners nightmare
as a 25 year old living with his parents ( more of a they need my help than vice versa situation ) , i have n't experienced this . it creates some minor logistical issues with dating , that 's about it .
i took a break about the second time that i was cheated on . it was the right thing to do .
but if we 're being real , reddit is at least 90 % male , and out of those males probably 80 % of us are virgins . so could be up to \ ~ 35m dms .
spent almost 2 years feeling inadequate from my ex , kept urging me to demand a raise , get this , get that , etc . i told her to be patient back then , she ended up leaving me the day after valentine 's day , covid restrictions lifted , the weather got nicer , she 's open for business and i gotta ignore it , timing is a bitch . not too long after i got a 25 % increase of salary a week after she dumped me and i ain't got shit to spend it on , timing is a bitch .
does n't that suggest that men feel it does n't benefit them ?
i 'd guess more add since he does n't have the hyper aspect of it , but i could kind of see that . he does n't really show any signs of that though besides this thing
long distance relationship . if the love is worth it , you should stay close . if the adventure is worth it , you should break up
1-2 times a week and usually a bj sprinkled in . i 'd like 3x a week and 2 bjs though . but hey , we have two kids so ...
the void inside me for not being able to find a woman
1 . follow a daily routine 2 . read daily 3 . exercise 4 . meditate 5 . groom their face / hair 6 . take care of their hygiene
vetting process implies a choice really . never had that
do n't get me wrong . i do n't agree with fds or how that subreddit is run . i think their ideas are full of misandry , making them very hypocritical . it is obvious they do not value men , and i do n't believe they really value themselves . i think in order for a woman to value herself , she must have respect for men .
does she have xx chromosomes , would i willingly have sex with her , do we have things in common , look at the flag pole : no kids , did n't spend her 20s on the carausel , is n't crazy , no ex bf drama , no drug use , does n't play games or test you .
had a friend try to get in my room over and over and over once while i was getting a blow job . banging on my door . trying to pick the lock . get in through the window . i kept tell him i was busy , and to go away , but he insisted he had to talk to me right now . once we were done i went out and asked him what the hell was up . ended up he needed to ask me if i could drive him to the grocery store later ( he did n't have a car ) . i was like wtf ? ! ? !
first ... she has to be beautiful in my eyes then she has to have something going on for herself that is not about her looks . and finally she needs to be of high character - this part is easier said than done because everyone claims to be solid character .
missionary but i 'm sitting up and grabbing and lifting her legs to my level precious gf i had fucking adored it but she was petite am a 6ft overwoghtosh guy who used to do labour work she liked me lifting stuff so
it 's such a waste . if she was capable of having emotionally fulfilling conversations for half a day on a phone why would she even need to bring double pussy in the conversation . i mean it 's an unique quality but the value of it is determined by the looker .
your submission was removed by a computer . this could be for a number of reasons , most of which are summarized in the rules text on the right . in most of these cases , the computer is right , and we will not overturn its decision . if you have re-read your question and still think this is a failure of the automated filter , message us with an actual reason as to why the computer is wrong . if you just say that you think the computer is wrong without any reasoning , we will ignore you . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
oh you know it
women speak with double meaning . reading in between the lines is something every man should do when it comes to women . more often than not her actions will speak significantly louder than her words . if you ever wondered why women ask ' what did he mean ? ' when a guy says something 100 % straight forward , you now have your answer .
damn these comments are depressing lmao . poor dudes .
i live in vegas . i was accustomed to fuckery early on .
you bought into the myth of the ideal woman . everyone comes with flaws which change as they age . you have to shake it off and deal with reality .
we do not allow any gift posts on this subreddit . * * if you think this was removed in error , please [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL ) with a link for approval . * * thanks ! * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
blue falcon nerd
i saw what you said and you 're right . in both cases it 's a matter of trust . the way the therapy is structured is designed in a way where you just sit someone down and they poor their heart out to you . that 's generally easy for a woman , especially one who really wants to be there . not so much for a guy . especially one who has seen death up close and personal .
i mean depends on what you personally are looking for . i can use mine for example 1 . willing to do things for me when i ask that are n't unreasonable ( doing my laundry ) , baked / cooked food for me , got me something for an event that i really wanted to go to 2 . not promiscuous , i ain't going to hear or be told that the girl i 'm with has a history of sleeping around or else i 'm just getting played , if she 's down to entertain someone trying to flirt with them then i 'm not going to be in the picture 3 . is she going to give me a headache over something very simple or not something that has to be a big deal imo . ( recently happened but that was involving her talking with her sister so i did n't bother ) 4 . is n't gonna go out to bars / clubs without me , so if that ever happens then i already know that the relationship is over , i 've told her this beforehand as a prerequisite
aaron aa aaronson
yeah , it took me until i was around 30 that i told myself that i was n't going to get friendzoned again . now , if we hang out a couple of times and it does n't seem like she is into me at all , i just ask her straight up . if she says no , then i know where i stand and choose to be just friends or , more commonly , just tell her that i can't be friends with her because i am attracted to her
that is n't " timing is a bitch . " . that 's " i met a girl from a foreign country who never said she plans to stay here , we had a thing , then she left just like she always was supposed to . " you were a fling dude . timing can be a bitch , but in your case forgetting the realities of the situation you 're in was the bitch . you 're like the starving man who finds a loaf of bread , and you 're so excited to have that bread , you forget that when you get to the last slice you 're gonna be starving again .
having to see this question reposted week after week
yeah , it 's nice to see a lighthearted one in all of these heartbreak , abuse , and red flag comments .
is she hot ? that is about as far as i go .
social expectations . nobody wants to be viewed as a virgin who can't get with women .
i know . i 've worked on it a lot . so over time i hope he feels comfortable
probably adhd . possibly ptsd . but most likely adhd in the case of your partner . mine falls into the something else category which i 'm not at liberty to discuss .
hitting on my gf . after 3 warnings , i bashed a bottle of beer on his head . we 're ex-friends now .
did n't we have this question last week ?
there is really only one alternative to being nude , and that is not being nude .
best friend suggested that , " if something is really important to your mate , give in on it . " best advice i ever got since a happy wife , is a happy life ... money is the reason many people argue and was the reason we had serious talks that led to me sleeping alone . but we compromised , meaning both gave in to some degree and we made peace . her cooking left something to be desired so i offered some suggestions ... she chased me down the stairs and i slipped and slid down most of them . so we compromised and i cook and when she does it , eat it or not but no comments . i believe in abortions , in some instances and because she is adopted , of course does not believe in them . yes , this was a problem but we compromised when it 's a case of rape or incest . compromise and do n't feel you have to win in every case .
when she talks about her sex life it 's hard .. she looks 8 . i can't imagine being her partner and taking her places . everyone 's just going to report you . it would be a hard life .. she is absolutely funny tho . she 's got an amazing personality so i 'm sure she ends up with someone long term at some point . i 'm afraid she 's just gonna have to understand pda probably can't be a thing . she goes to bars and is immediately out of her comfort zone .. it 's gotta be difficult . i feel for someone in that situation . it 's gotta be mentally straining on her to deal with it all .
you do n't have to be sorry . you clearly care about us . i also wish that society was less expectant of women to be certain ways as well . i wish women could feel safe walking at night knowing they 're not at increased risk of becoming a victim to some type of crime or assault .
had a girl that wanted to shock my balls while blowing me . i said i had to get something out of the car and just kept going :face_with_tears_of_joy: :face_with_tears_of_joy: :face_with_tears_of_joy:
ex-wife nearly broke her wrist trying to sock me in the jaw . turned my head and she hit my skull . but ya know , i 'm the one who got kicked out of the house with a protection order for " emotional abuse " after i had filed text messages where she admitted to physical abuse as evidence with the court .
unless you 're married or otherwise committed , this chance never went away .
> you have to acknowledge the awkwardness of the situation and do everything you can do take the pressure off . set expectations low . > > if you have actually never met in person , then you should both acknowledge that it 's possible you wo n't have chemistry in person , or it might take more than just this first meeting to develop . thank you for the excellent advice . should i convey the same to her , atleast that would even take the pressure off her if she is feeling any . or just keep this to myself , and work things in a way by keeping this thought of yours in the top of my head , and be at terms with the fact that the situation indeed might be a little awkward .
isolation
it 's a genuine question and do n't think it breaks the rules
getting hung up on a woman who 's not interested . life 's to short and it 's their loss . just move along guys .
my gimmick would be beauty . like my whole pokémon line up would be all of the fuckable ones . so vaporeon , vaporeon , vaporeon , aaaaaaand mr . mime . i would still be a guy , but with a dress and a wide brimmed hat with roses , and all of my movements would be exaggerated and dramatic like ancient thespians . i would say shit like “ ugh , is this who passes a pokémon trainers now ? * sigh * . welcome to my salon peasant . i 'm skirt douglas , gym leader of fuckhut city . all of my pokémon are the highest caliber of beauty . i train my pokémon day and night on grace , aesthetic , a fuckability . that mousy pikachu yours is a 6 at best . i 'm waaaay out of your league . ahahahahahahahahaha ! ( laughs with hand on mouth ) ” and then we battle by having our pokémon walk down a runway and they turn at the end and give each other looks that can kill . whoever gets the most roses wins .
this is a great answer
i find myself naturally attracted to outgoing and bubbly personalities . so not my type
biting the clit . that 's a big no-no . she said her clit was sore for three days after . oops .
not letting go of me every time i was around her .
start by looking inward . what are the values that are important to you and are important for your potential mate . then think about the traits you find attractive in woman and decide how important they are to you . as you date someone , you are finding out if this person aligns with enough of your values and desirable traits to invest time and effort into a relationship with .
not implying willfull ignorance ... but have n't you learnt from the dating side , that men are somewhat lacking in seeing things ? just communicate loud and clear . like all the times you felt like someting in the household needs to be repaired ... jeez .
happened to me too . i actually helped the dumb whore ( my ex ) when she was passed out at a party covered in puke . let her use my shower and gave her clothes to borrow and then took her home . she offers sex the next day as thanks and i said no i was just trying to do the right thing . a week later my friend tells me she 's saying i raped her that night . fortunately no one believed her because she was already a known liar and shit starter and nothing happened . i 'm sorry that happened to you dude , people really need to get their facts straight before automatically ostracizing others .
i think i was dating 5 girls at one time , but that is really unsustainable . not that i was spending a lot of money , mostly we did things that were fun and inexpensive . i like to cook so there were a lot of stay-at-home dinner dates . and yes , i did ultimately settle on one . and that was over 5 years ago , and things are still very good .
came to my work to drop off a letter describing all the things she wanted to do with me on various pieces of my accurately described furniture . turns out she was frequenting my place and peeking through my window .
apple . that 's me :(
person to person dependent . it 's cute for shore but also i personally could never and do n't want to date one since i love going out and talking to people . my gf now is really outgoing but even sometimes she says my battery is too full lol . dating someone who fits your lifestyle at least in some capacity is a better choice than the ole " opposites attract " . they really do n't and it really showed in my previous partners where they did n't wanna do active or outdoorsy things and it detracted from my personal activities and enjoyment . you obviously can't have a ton of lineup but having some overlap is really nice .
you vastly overestimate my pulling power back in the day .
there 's a reason girls and games both begin with g . which is also the first letter of ghost : ghost her ass
there is also one that disposes waste directly to the toilet with washing the beads each time and flushing the water . i got one and it was great . my cat however lived her life having an at will cat door and could n't make the transition to any cat box . i was so disappointed . i had moved from my owned home to a high priced rental to live with and take care of my mom for her ending years and could not change dwellings again . kitty had to go to a friend w access to outdoors for her . i will totally get another once i own again and can have a kitten . 98 % of adults cats used to a litter box would be fine though
again , i think it 's overall the opposite . attractive women get hit on enough where they 've developed simple and respectful ways to reject men they are n't interested , whereas unattractive ladies have n't and take the opportunity to get in their harsh rejection story .
the damsel in distress scam . been burt every time .
once a week would be cool ... but it 's more once a month if i 'm lucky
nope . i really did n't say that .
i like the way you dribble words but dude doing that would be straight up cannibal , it will make you scream at 1000 decibel
i feel you can probably overcome that . but you 'll have to completely stop the toxic behavior to have a chance . it will also take quite a bit of time , as you 've already shown him you 're bad side and reinforced his very negative view of how women treat him . he will need to experience * * a lot * * of sane , compassionate , good-side behaviors , to start believing in you .
nothing wrong with it . now , would i want to respect and marry a woman who has had 20 + hogs inside of her ? no . why should i be the one to respect her when she allowed a football team rail her down . does n't make logical sense . there is a concept of parabonding where with more partners , women lose the ability to sustain the relationship . also , with longevity of the relationship their desire for their bonding diminishes while man 's increases . would explain why 70-90 % of divorces are initiated by women .
yk i did n't think that because she was your wife that you 'd know . i guess because in my situation it 's a mystery to me half the time lol
i do n't vet . what for ? if i like what i see and we get along it 's all good
have done it once or twice mainly because i had been hearing about it online out of curiosity but i do n't think i would have thought of it on my own . i 'm also from greece
i had a teddy bear as a child that i loved . it was given to me on the day i was born by my father 's best friend . i had it so long that by the time i was 11 it went from being a white bear to a brown bear . it finally fell apart when i was 21 and it really hurt me . i now have a place in my heart for white and brown teddy bears . my ex wife also gave me a large white bear bear a few years ago that i still have . :sparkling_heart:
drink a bottle of wine or more on a daily basis
physical health . i think every jr high and high school should have a fully stocked gym and weight training should be part of phys ed . like , sports should be put on the back burner . not everyone can make a basket , but everyone can lift something . it would be good for their phsyical health and mental health . if everyone were to get on board with it , there would be no fat kits , and the standard teenage angst would drop to near non-existent levels . if shyness is an issue , just have a gym class where all the athletic kids are separated from the non athletic kids during the workout .
i will not allow a girl to place all the blame on me for a failing relationship when i tried my best to make things work and they did nothing to help , nor allow a girl to disregard my mental health and call me pathetic over something i can't control , nor allow a girl to use me for sex and complain i 'm not doing it right when they are a corpse in bed . i am now happily married to a wonderful , loving , caring , compassionate woman who truly wants what 's best for me in life and is by my side 100 % of the way , someone who supports me during the highs and the lows , who puts in effort , even the little things , and i could n't be happier ! get fucked may !
dating , were expected to do so much for a girl you never met haha
having our passion and drive ripped away from us through an education system designed to squash the spirits of young men . sedentary jobs where we 're forced to sit still and stare at a screen for 8 hours a day . any attempts at embracing traditionally masculine traits like strength , competitiveness , and courage are mocked and ridiculed by people whose own poor experiences with men have left them afraid of anything remotely masculine . processed foods tainting our bodies and making us weak . the list goes on
right ? that 's not how that works lol . people need to realize that guys have feelings . and some guys still need to understand that it 's okay to express them .
probably was considered normal because of how many other guys had been suffering from it but did n't have the tools or knowledge to figure out what it was or treat it .
i may be the odd man out , but no . i have less time for old friends , we 're not out drinking and shit 3-4 times a week . i 've met new friends through my now wife , through a new job , and through a new bjj school . yes , i 've lost friends who moved away or we grew apart , but i feel really good about the friends i 've maintained and have made recently .
i was the friend over . buddy out of the blue asked if i wanted to go down on his girlfriend . ended up performing oral sex on both of them . then watching them fuck and eating her cream pie .
dude i 've only let it go for 6 months but i 'm getting " when are you cutting your hair ? ? ? " every fucking day . i 'm not . i 'm growing it out . stop asking .
that 's the bare minimum boi
can confirm the latter with an ex . turns out she 's only cool having lots of sex with different partners if her partner has lots of partners as well . once she found a guy who her number dwarfs by several exponents , well , it just ate at her like no tomorrow .
that 's amazing man . we get one life and it sounds like you 're making the most of it !
i always make sure to pluck a long beard hair and leave it on the urinal
everytime you go to the toilet your dick hangs in the water . it is a hard life
so many snowflakes in here , man up and be a man
i did n't downvote you , but i 'd like to say this : wanting to own someone and harming them in a fit of rage for not conforming to your selfish desires is n't true love . it 's a compulsion and an obsession , and while it can feel very strong , it is n't love . op specifically asked about true love .
probably say something like " hey my name is ... would you like to get a cup of coffee sometime ? "
they would take you out if you were super handsome
how many courics do you think it was ? you could have a record holder .
this question is completely hypothetical .
uh ... i have a penis ? that 's pretty stereotypical male .
did this once , pushed it back in , my tip hit the boney part of the pussy and almost snapped . i have never felt pain like it
that 's exactly the point its relevant only if you are attractive to the other person in some form .
if you do n't provide or keep yourself afloat you are n't worth time
same here , but my coworkers look at me like i have 3 heads when i say i try to not hit on anyone for it to possibly go anywhere . what they fail to realize is that even when they leave the kitchen at midnight i get out hours after them and have become nocturnal because of it . that really stretches any options i had thin .
for me at least it depends on the nature of the relationship but also i would n't bug a woman for nudes either . it 's nice to get them but it 's not a priority or a requirement .
when you have depression / anxiety - man up , mental health doesnt f * ing matter . we must hide our emotions or else you are faggot . you are always being rated and judged by how you provide , do you have six figures job , your body needs to be muscular you have to be able to provide and protect by any means or else you are limp , weak , loser . if we get divorced women easily take children and money from us . no matter what you do its not enough , we have to pay for dinner open doors carry heavy stuff . mens suicide cases make up three times of womens cases . we dont open up cuz nobody cares , its always " walk it off " or " man up " so you dont even bother to say or " it will pass . " we are always possible rapers killers idk whatever if girl sees us at night and shes alone or sometimes even by day , if we approach them to get to know them we are freaks and should go away . if we are unhappy in marriage / relationship its our fault , if our partner is unhappy its also our problem and fault . all in all it sucks horribly to be a man for almost everything .
i would honestly start to question all of her male interactions . this kind of information is n't something that needs to be shared . if you have no intention of following through with it , do n't mention it . but you might want to start to think deeply about your relationship . just why are you having these thoughts and are you really happy with your partner .
you 're not alone mate . my better half will check if my backs alright but it 's taken a major car crash , several doctors appointments , treatments and it ceasing up on and off over two years to get her . yet i 'll still get the piss taken out of me by my mother , work colleges and mates . she 'll also forget and roll her eyes , when i can't get up . i 've broken my foot and blown a ligament in the same leg , when i did thai boxing . when the ligament went , the guys helped me up and strapped my leg up . after that i still had to drive myself home , and arrange my own treatment because ‘ i 'd only strained it ' . i had n't and it was proven subsequently by a doctor . at twelve or thirteen i stood on a piece of wood and ended up putting a 9inch nail through my foot . i immediately pulled my foot up ( removing the nail from my foot , as the 3x2 wall lodged under bricks ) , screaming and hooping back towards our kitchen . without a thought my mum smacked me around the head for swearing . it turns out a nail through the foot is n't a justifiable action to yell ‘ fuck ' continuously . broke three knuckles in a fight , defending a mate who 'd been attacked with a bottle . my hand blew up the next morning , and i got bollocked by my parents for what i 'd done to myself . i was 21 at the time . i suffer with depression and there are only three people who understand . my cousin , my partner and a close friend . i 've got through numerous suicidal phases , especially through my teens , twenties and a little in my thirties . whenever i 'd try and express it , eyes would roll , you 'd be told to ‘ man up ' , or just plain ignored . so you do n't . i 'd lift weight , punch a bag or end up in stupid arguments over nothing . thankfully those i 've listed have and done now help , a lot . from the age of 16 up until my early twenties , i and many of my friends were a groping bag for any older women . i 've been out with a girlfriend , gone the bar and had my cock grabbed by a woman old enough to be my mother . another time i 've walked across a dance floor ( exsecurity ) and been groped four or five times on a floor ten to fifteen metres wide . it was so prolific that when out with mates we often would n't then chat to said abusers but would tell them to fuck off . we 'd joke about it amongst ourselves . none of that ever happened in a gay bar / club , maybe a bum squeeze and then ask you out but not the walk passed , cock / ball squeeze , stop smile / kiss . women are justifiably outraged with things that the minority of men do to them but were not all cunts . i think because we 're not able to speak out , without seeing eyes roll or hear the sighs , we 're not heard . the suicide rate in men is shocking . we often do it to ourselves but mainly it is societal , ‘ man up ' , ‘ crack on ' as use these with my own kids but i emphasis when and where they apply . you do n't need to whine or cry all of the time and you should ‘ push on though ' but not always . we have to allow time to listen & talk to each other . i tell my sons this all of the time .
your submission was removed by a computer . this could be for a number of reasons , most of which are summarized in the rules text on the right . in most of these cases , the computer is right , and we will not overturn its decision . if you have re-read your question and still think this is a failure of the automated filter , message us with an actual reason as to why the computer is wrong . if you just say that you think the computer is wrong without any reasoning , we will ignore you . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
one allen key ? dude i got 4 and they 're all the same size .
if you 're interested in porn and even think you might have an addiction , you should check out the r / deadbedroom subreddit to see how porn warps some men so badly that they would rather wank away with their cellphones instead of servicing and being serviced by their spouses . i enjoy porn as much as the next guy but i can put ot down . some people can't . and that 's a problem .
being alone
boobs
1 of 3 reasons . depressed being the first one . normal reasoning . cheating being the second but only if feelings are involved i 'm that relationship . or the most rare one . he does n't find either your or things you do as attractive / good to do ( for your or your body ) hope this helps .
young man freedom , old man loneliness but also freedom . old age makes u long for a reason to continue . this is only solved through children and grandchildren and thats not a given
ouch ... sorry bro :(
what is hug ?
the computer flagged this as a frequently asked question . use the search bar . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
interesting perspective , i see you now ! :raising_hands: thank you for clarifying . i would have to agree for sure . great win for tech / social media
living in the modern world .
ye in the uk people have made fb groups for towns so people can connext .
so should n't she be called full of life rather than being a slut or something lol .
you just have to make peace with 2 things 1 ) emotional isolation . it is highly likely that you will not find adequate emotional and metal health support . 2 ) mandatory responsibility . whether it be social expectations or literally the law , you will often be placed in a position of responsibility by virtue of being a man . as much as times are indeed seemingly changing , we have a long way to go before these 2 problems are n't the default .
grew a beard mostly beacuse im 14 but still
daddy works for me . i do n't know what these other guys are on . beast and giant also work . my current companion calls me darling and appreciates being called zero two
> this qualifies as nonconsensual penetration . i do n't agree with that , since the woman in this scenario agreed to having penetrative sex with the man . but then again , i am not a lawyer and probably neither are you . do you know how to ask one ? is there some online law service perhaps that could be contacted for a fee ? i am curious to hear a professional 's opinion on this one .
ahh . hmm . being carefree , living in the moment , being physically affectionate in a non sexual way - lots of hugs , touches , being spontaneous , creative . she also likely does n't stay in relationships very long .
i do n't like verbal words when having sex . the only thing i want to here is “ cum in me . ” anything else like kind of distracts me . moaning is fine , but tangible words that i can process will make me think about it and i have a possibility of losing my erection .
big girls , not like obese huge 25stone women . but big girls . with big tits and big legs and big bellies . fuck yeah ! ! ! call auto glass . because you 're about to get smashed into oblivion you big round slag ! ! fucking love em ! !
absolutely beautiful advice :red_heart: :red_heart: :red_heart: thank you so much ! i 'll try & remember this for sure :)
do what i do ... embrace the role of being the idiot . my girlfriend has bailed me out of some very awkward situations . i 'll meet another runner and go grab coffee expecting to talk shop . get about halfway through making plans for a run and realize i might be on a date . usually ends with a good laugh and a friend . if you only sleep with women then everyone who matters in your life will know who you are .
alcohol
i grew up horse poor . that 's what my mother always called it at least . my bio dad grew up with horses and was obsessed . he did the whole rodeo circuit thing and thought he was a cowboy . which i guess technically he was , but this was the 80s and 90s , so kinda weird . every extra cent went to horses and related expenses . we lived in a broken down old farmhouse with plastic walls and a dirt floor . the same one he grew up in but was never finished because they were horse poor backwoods rednecks too . took us kids to his vet buddy 3 or 4 farms down the mountain for stitches , broken bones , etc , instead of the hospital or a human doctor . did laundry in the bathtub . shared a bed with 2 of my little brothers until i was 9 or 10 ( i 'm a girl ) , and he left us for another woman and her kids . blessing in disguise . i have n't seen the old fucker in about a decade , but i guess he still thinks he 's a cowboy .
trial by fire
nope . i 've never had anyone ever say that to me . i was born in 1970 when that was still the cultural norm too .
you can't be friends with someone you like .
mother fucker i see you . i hear you . shit is rough . i 'm drunk on a monday night but i 'm sending you all the extra hugs my introverted ass does n't wanna take . be well my guy
lower moral standards like having sex before marriage sorta thing .
men are more visually based in terms of attraction than women . for women , a man 's looks are just part of the whole package . chalking it up to just looks is a half assed excuse for losers to not make themselves better and wonder why no one wants to fuck them .
accurate comparison .
definitely weird being called daddy , even if she 's joking with me it 's still a no no . wifey normally says " you sexy fucker " :face_with_tears_of_joy: . can't see it myself .
i 'm not sure what you mean about nonverbal consent being about refusal . on this sub , the general consensus seems to be that " you make your move ; and if she does n't say no , it 's a yes . " what answers do i get for why they made that first move ? " she was touching her hair , looking around nervously , breathing heavily , etc . " they 're relying on nonverbal cues ( which all actually point just as much to discomfort and fear ) to interpret consent . however , when it comes to wanting forplay for her , she must verbally ask for it . or if she 's distressed or uncomfortable , she must verbally tell him to stop . and there is so much annoyance expressed on this sub about women who want their partner to explore their body , rather than just telling them how to get them off . why the sudden loss of communication skills ?
the term daddy only works if we paying for it .. outside of that its cringe haha
there 's a vaccine for multiple hpv strains ...
before you kick her to the curb . it took a lot of guts for her to reveal that to you . somewhere deep down she feels like she betrayed you even with just the thought . be open to conversations about what she wants in life and where each of you “ think this is going ” . focus on common goals . shit maybe she just wants to you get a little more freaky . girls lean more toward emotional reactions . be spontaneous . catch her off guard .
please stand your ground , and a man who respects you will eventually present himself .
if you need to dm me feel free to do it . suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem . i hope you get better .
depends , i mean my mrs is very lady like . but i ask her to send me nudes and she does lol , if it was within minutes of speaking to each other then that guy is just scummy . but if he really likes you and you have already had sex , then i suppose that 's just him wanting to see you naked all the time . even when he 's not with you
i would be surprised i had a wife .
ok my answer stands . calorie deficit . lose fat .
i also want to stroke your thick han solo-esque hair
actually i wanted to see without being it about sex.is there any thing ( act ) that a women can do .. that would make men think that she is loose
wrote my wife 's name in the snow ( yes , it was my handwriting ) then scratched my balls .
what is a loose character ?
depenss what " tempted to cheat " means . if it just means finding other people attractive now and then , then who cares . its not like you lose the ability to find anyone else attractive when you 're in a relationship , and its better to accept these thoughts and let them pass through your head than to try to deny them to yourself . the latter tends to lead to obsession . if it means actually making concrete plans to date another person , but then pulling out last minute because you realised it was wrong , it would be a different story . to be honest , bringing something like that up in the first place is kind of a red flag . i can't fully explain why . if you did n't do it , thats what matters , and there is n't really anything to confess to . so bringing it up would make me very uncomfortable and confused . i 'd rather not hear about the bad choices you could have made .
thanks buddy but i was hoping for more specific advice , can you direct me to a certain routine of exercises that has worked for you ?
i 'm sorry to hear that , dude . i know it 's easier said than done , but try not to care about those people and what they think of you . your value does n't depend on them , and you deserve help and good things in your life regardless of what anyone thinks . so please do n't give up , get help if you feel like you need it and do n't be ashamed of it
hi . i have herpes 1 ( which is commonly misnamed oral herpes ) . it does a really weird thing in my body and presents kind of like it 's cousin , shingles . i get “ cold sores ” ( blisters ) along my where my nerves are . it 's incredibly difficult having herpes on my hands . i also get painful migraines when i get an outbreak up my nose , which happens most times i catch a cold and also after my flu shot each year . it can cause encephalitis . so while most people just get an uncomfortable sore on their lip , it 's certainly not insignificant for everyone . i 'm fortunate enough to have never had any blisters in my genital region but i can't imagine feeling that in those areas . it must be horrible .
and my biggest mistake in my past relationships is believing this crap tbh . from my experience , women do n't want what they say they want , and they actually want what they say they dont want . im not speaking about you specifically and im sure theres a lot of women out there who are like you , but unfortunately the majority are not like that . as much as id love to get a lot of things off my chest to my lady , i do n't because frankly its kinda sad and pathetic seeing a grown man cry . just dont do it guys . dont . believe me . ive seen shit .
men do n't hire you , or more like would rather not , and everybody is uncomfortable if u are walking in the night , nobody 's hear ur problemes , and u are more likely to die at a young age
ive never cared if someones motives for posts and all that karma farming . if people get something out of the discussions at hand for themselves in the first place . then it 's served to be of use . yeah and i appreciate these posts every time , as it makes sub of some greater use . when you lose your best friend or someone you loved dearly to from self deletion , you 'd feel me on this .
not the kind of special you 'd want tho
i want this answered but by 30year olds +
and eventually we 'll all crumble into the sea , out of sight of shore , alone .
oh i see , sorry . in that case , if she is easy to get into bed she is pretty loose .
can not become emotional infront of anyone :pensive_face: :pensive_face:
child of the 60 ' s in rural va . that became very clear in middle school when the boys were all assigned an industrial arts class and all of the girls were assigned a home ec class .
this is the most half assed excuse we tell . even being a dumbfuck and handsome is enough sometimes , you can see it all the time
there are men out there killing themselves because they can't get laid and i came close to doing it . it 's like starving africans watching people throw away a banana because it has a bruise on it .
omg at first i read that as a man meaning to actually find the asshole in nudes lol :face_with_tears_of_joy: may i ask what you meant originally ?
not to redirect this but being called daddy is the quickest way to just lose any form of sex drive . think wet spaghetti noodle . it 's just weird
bless their souls , you best believe i can tell .
so long as she had n't cheated , it 's okay . everyone gets tempted , it 's staying faithful that matters . or , ending the relationship before you make moves on the person who has caught your attention .
> t sounds like a lot of conservative families do however have these views . no , i 'm actually talking about school teachers who told me this thing but my parents are pretty open minded on this topic .
like i said , if you 're genuinely sub 12 % and can barely see your abs it 's a matter of the muscles there not having enough mass . therefore = bulk up first to build mass as i outlined above . it 's a slow process so be prepared for that and be wary of any programs promising “ abs in 30 days ” and other bullshit . good luck .
never driven under 110mph on the german autobahn .
do n't be a creep . seriously , the audacity of women these days , men can't even work out without being bothered . / s
this can happen for a number of reasons and it 's hard to pinpoint triggers . fatigue can bring them on especially as you get older . doing lots of public speaking myself , the best power move i 've learned is to drink water and look at your notes . do n't be afraid of silence on stage .
sit outside a pub with a bunch of mates drinking beer on a summer 's evening and enjoy watching all the ladies go by .
in the description i mentioned that i have visible and that are of above average time . i just want to elevate it to a high distinction .
totally ! ! so sad lol :grinning_face_with_sweat: :grinning_face_with_sweat: but i appreciate the honesty ! thank youu
no this is for men .. i wanted to ask if a man thinks that a women has a loose character.why would he think that if he does
yes--every single time .
usually it 's women with dating profiles with their tits out on show , pouting lips etc that get this sort of treatment . most ( not all ) women that complain about not being treated like a lady , do n't behave like a lady .
ah , that makes more sense . i 'm more heavily focused on a withdrawl of consent in the middle of the act , rather than a lack of it at the beginning
almost instantly , within about 5 seconds unless she 's purposely not touching her chest on purpose not wanting to give herself up lol but i 'm older , been married twice and i 've got 8 kids . it 's automatic now .
women :face_with_tears_of_joy: :face_with_tears_of_joy: :face_with_tears_of_joy: i 'm so funny
judgements aside , if you 're not going to have kids with somebody , you can get 75 % of a partner / spouse relationship with a good roommate .
the opening is for cowards
some men just want to watch the world brown .
the scratch hole ? for scratching ... you can't pee through it , it pushes through the penis canal , and if you try peeing , when you think you finished the moment you put it back inside some of the pee that was held inside just squirts out .
when she would give me kisses on the cheek at random .
i 'm a man and often ask myself the same thing
hobbies , friends , enjoyable work .
moisturize obsessively . conditioner and beard oil are important to avoid flakes .
here 's my bit : the above examples make me feel like you 're making small talk with the bus driver . blank non sequiturs that are n't anything aside for answers like ; good , yes , okay ... i feel like i 'm in some robotic relationship . ' hello good-morning how are you yes thank you kindly ' ... shoot me . & #x200b ; if you 're my partner and you really wanted to know how my day was or if i 'm doing okay or if i slept well you 'd asks specific things that you know about that could or would have led to a good / bad day , a good / bad feeling , a good / bad sleep and so on . & #x200b ; second side reason ; my day was not good and i do n't want to spend more of my life talking about it . it 's enough that they take the day i do n't need to give them the evening as well .
so i walks over to the fridge , opens it and inside was an empty clean frying pan , i knew she had just emptied the dishwasher ... but really ? ! ? so i thought , " let 's pretend it never happened " and i put it away . an hour later did she call me , " why did you remove the frying pan from the fridge " it turned out she had placed it there to prevent the other in using the space for something she would sear later and put direct into the fridge to cool down do i feel stupid ! ! :-)
i tend to just stutter awkwardly , so must try this one .
if you want unconditional love get a dog . if you want partnership you will compromise and work to be attracted to each other . relationships are not fairytales . they are hard work . i 've spent 16 years of my life in them .
i 'm usually just doing one thumb holding down the underwear waist strap , other hand is free unless i need accurate aiming . it 's a little tricky and dangerous to hold the strap and shaft simultaneously . i 've had the strap come loose and fling back up resulting in an uncontrollable firehose . better to play it safe and have a dedicated strap hand .
do n't use beard oils / creams / washes that have sulfate , artificial fragrances or alcohol . invest in a good beard comb , brush . learn how to diy trim .
we 've known each other for months before we actually started dating .
that 's adorable :smiling_face_with_hearts:
chuck norris would keep the sacred tome .
god i hate that . it was pretty much the straw that broke one of my relationships back . the catharsis of when i finally flipped my shit after two years of explaining why i need her to leave things where i put them was amazing . i think it went something like well sweety the answer is simple . because you cant just leave stuff alone . they were there for a reason . i ask you where you moved them without losing my ever loving mind because i love you by the way . in response i do n't get an answer to my question which forces me to ask it again . do you realize how frustrating it is to know where you put something to go back and not find it there ? on top of that to ask the person you know moved it from where it belonged to not tell you where it is ? i cant do this anymore because if this keeps happening i 'm going to hate you . i love you but its becoming harder and harder for me to like you . i got to go we split up and after about three years started talking again . shes one of my best friends today but my god living with her was a nightmare .
thats so we know which way the front should go
wash your face daily
amen . if i have an award to give , i 'd give it to you . silence is still a form a of communication and if that 's your chosen method you need to own up as to why , work on or leave the relationship .
high intelligence rolls meet low wisdom roles . your girl sounds like my mom
this is something all partners sometimes get and it 's not girlfriend exclusive , so as a non-straight dude here 's my explanations * i 'm an airhead and i 'm probably having an existential crisis , i have n't even heard your question mentally * i enjoy communicating with my partner through physical language rather than sentences upon sentences of useless information . do n't ask me about the weather , it 's the uk and it 's always shite * i 'd much rather hear about their day because my days tends to be the same as a work-from-home dude , there 's only so many times i can make " fed the guinea pigs and did paper work " seem interesting * if it 's going to lead to an argument , i 'd rather just be quiet instead of wasting energy on a pointless argument that will hurt / both / of us .
give it time and brush that shit ...
that comment made me lol . it 's hilariously adorable and infuriating .
¿ ¿ ¿ por qué ? ? ?
as a man , this is one of those things i wonder when using a public bathroom . why do some other men spit in the urinal / toilet before they urinate ? i could be wrong but i see it as a “ blue collar ” thing , where they conflate certain innocuous things like spitting with being manly . where as i was raised in an upper-middle class metro-suburban area , and spitting was considered rude and low class .
luckily that person did n't live near me but if she did live near me i 'd make damn sure she never knew where i lived its one thing watching glen close go all bunny boiler but its another to know one let alone live near or date one .
wtf ?
very sweet .
i still blame my older gm for this . we worked together for 4 years and after a while she just gave up learning my trainees name . if it was a girl she would be my lovely of the day , if it was a guy he was my bud .
lovense calor , the lovense max 2 is my second favorite . lovense is way better than any other brand i 've tried .
my teeth
thank you !
my wife 's sense of direction . we moved to a new city 2 years ago but she still needs her gps to get to target 7 minutes away and it 's literally a left turn out of our driveway , and then a right turn maybe a quarter mile down the road and then straight the entire way to targets parking lot lmao
... life . just in general .
maybe it 's time to move on from this relationship then if you 're that unsatisfied ? or go to couples therapy and figure out the underlying issues
people do n't believe me when i say the last time i did was almost 20 years ago . when i was 16 or 17 , i tried it the first time . i went about a half hour to 45 minutes with nothing happening . no erection , no orgasm , nothing . then about a year or so later , i tried again . i recently got a computer in my room , and i pulled up some porn and went at it . a while later my parents came home and they knocked on my door to help to bring in groceries . that 's when i realized i went a little over an hour and a half of nothing happening . i have n't tried since . i 'm not sure if i 'm a late bloomer or somethin . at my yearly check ups at doctors , i 'm perfectly healthy . i do n't have any problems that might be a cause of anything that has to do with it .
hoping it 's not the bitch meaning !
should have completely skipped dating my wife , certainly not gotten her pregnant or married her .
just imagine the turd pushing open the hole , while some of it stays inside on its borders and then immediately pulling up your pants and going on about your life ...
the point of the hole if i 'm not mistaken is actually for space reasons . since its not sewn shut the two layers of fabric can be stretched apart depending on how much room needs to be given .
probably a frat house somewhere
ironically , that 's lovely .
man i 'm the bisexual woman in this case . i could go my whole life without sex at all and be fine . i do n't need a woman . i just find both men and women attractive , that 's all . if i 'm in a relationship with a man , which i am , he 's the only one on my mind .
i never use the opening because it 's more comfortable to pull down .
when you would double the time , or longer , of the piss if you would undo your belt . sometimes sliding it through the holes is easier .
what ?
main reason for not answering is that : - my wife is verbally processing - it 's a question that has the same same answer every time . - the answer is obvious and answering it will embarrass her . - the answer to the question will cause conflict - i nod or shake my head , if she is not looking then she misses it . but the # 1 reason : i do n't multitask and i am effectively deaf when focusing one am intensive task . i am aware that she may have said something but i did not hear / process the question . particularly is she is behind me . - i
fair enough
life
i understand .
prostitutes ? ( i mean , why is this a man only question ? )
people who make little money with no prospects of improving their situation .
3-5 times a day .
not be afraid to drop out of my college program and switch to something i liked more and would lead to a better career anyways
> this can be about looks / appearance , personality-wise , etc . specific ones are what i 'm curious about . no pale skin . no " thickness " . taller than average . athletic . professional or artistic in some way ( design , photography , food-related , etc ) . or an heiress ( philanthropic ) . intelligent , dry sense of humor .
thank you !
thank you !
i 'm not the protective sort . back when i was going to nightclubs often , i 'd go with my girlfriends , and whenever my girlfriends would get approached and harassed by dudes , i would quickly make my exit , or i 'd pretend i was n't aware of what was going on . i would leave the mess to be dealt with by the men who were around my girlfriends at the time , when such a scenario would happen . then when that was done and over with , i 'd make my return back to my girlfriends and pretend nothing had happened . there have also been times when i 'm with my girlfriends and we are walking at night , and i see a shadow or two quickly approaching us . what i do is to quickly turn around and walk faster . i 'm a really fast walker and runner . there have been times when my girlfriends have n't been able to keep up with me and were left behind . one time i broke into a run when these scary-looking dudes start running in our direction , and when i realized that my girlfriend had been left behind , i went home and then texted her to see if she was alright . thankfully she managed to hide and went back home safely . i 'm happy that nothing bad ever happened to my ex-girlfriends . i do tend to have a lot of ex-girlfriends because for some reason when they realize i am not going to risk life or limb over them they have the tendency to dump me . the way i figure is , i only have one life . and i 'm not interested in getting beaten up or shot at or stabbed by thugs or whatever over someone else . i do n't believe in reencarnation . i do n't believe in an afterlife . when i die , i will die , and there wo n't be a second chance at life . so , i would rather get dumped than end up with my life put in danger . i guess that 's why i graduated from dating 4 ' 10 ' ' to 5 ' 4 ' ' petite women to dating women who are 6 feet tall to 6 ' 6 ' ' . if something happens , they will protect me . pretty smart , eh ?
discretionary spending limits .
i 'm not a man , but wanted to answer anyway . i can do 3 sets of 10 ! my best was 40 in a row over a decade ago . trying to do that . rn can only do 15 in a row . and you op ?
my time
classy
i 'd make sure i did n't get dropped from my program at college so i would n't have to come back at 28 to get my degree .
just started a push-up regimen about 4 to 5 weeks ago . started with 20 . just hit 40 last night . my record , back when i was rock climbing as a much younger man , was mid 50s . my goal is to get to 100 in a single go .
subway . what ever happened to a 5 $ footlong ?
why would you not want to get rid of the ants though ? they can do a lot of damage
op , the mistake you are making is assuming that the question is worth being answered .. or worse , it is n't just a loaded question that is looking for an argument .
in addition to that , people who brag about making others cheat on their partners with them .
whenever we are meeting up and i see her approaching in the distance i get a little wave of butterflies .
love this level of honesty !
wearing a condom and pulling out and hoping there was n't a break / pinhole and hoping that period comes around like clockwork each month all can put a dampener on the bedroom dynamics .
" no . you created me but you were never my father . father 's protect you father 's raise you . i was protected by the monks of azarath and raised by my friends . they 're my family now and you are not welcome here " - raven
the flap is for when you have layers and layers of clothes that can't be pulled down easily . it sees a lot of action in the military , where pulling down your pants even a little is often no small feat .
indecisiveness . not dating anyone now but my last few gfs all were so indecisive about even the most trivial things . example ; driving by perfectly available parking spots . not in the effort to park far away from other people but just not being able to see an open spot and just pull in ! what the fuck is the holdup ? ! why the hesitation ? !
i just piss my pants
i have never used it
your submission was removed by a computer . this could be for a number of reasons , most of which are summarized in the rules text on the right . in most of these cases , the computer is right , and we will not overturn its decision . if you have re-read your question and still think this is a failure of the automated filter , message us with an actual reason as to why the computer is wrong . if you just say that you think the computer is wrong without any reasoning , we will ignore you . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
it 's a myth . you cant make a hole loose . doesnt matter how big the dick is .
:face_with_tears_of_joy: i laughed so hard when i saw people were downvoting this and i 'm not sure why ... anyway take my upvote
my dick is too big to use the hole , same as most men , so we gotta pull them down . :)
not every question merits a response .
i was strictly discussing the biological implications of monogamy v . polyamory , not the sociological basis of human relationships and families . you can't use words like “ meant ” when discussing anything other than science or mathematics , systems where the outcome must be preordained and there is a “ correct ” answer . biologically speaking , monogamy serves a developed and intelligent k-selected species like humans better than any polyamorous relationship ever could ; however , as i stated earlier , we are not purely animalistic and play by different rules than the rest of the animal kingdom because we have so drastically changed our environments to be exclusively hospitable and convenient for us . additionally , humans have absolutely not exceeded the carrying capacity of the planet . i have no idea where you got that notion . select groups failing to meet their basic needs has never been a solid indicator that the environment has reached its carrying capacity . if we were to treat the earth like a standard deciduous forest , you would never conclude a species has reached its carrying capacity because certain groups of that species population were isolated from potential sources of food or were being outcompeted by other members of that species . [ the earth has an estimated 10 billion carrying capacity ] ( HTTPURL ) at the current amount of arable land and production of food , both of which have increased to match the population historically ( see the work of thomas malthus , who predicted we 'd all die out in the late-eighteenth century ) . as for the claim that the male-female hierarchy was not actually in place in humanity 's early years , i 'd love to see your source on that . not only did you misunderstand my argument ( i said nothing about humans , just that male-provider and female-caregiver was a cross-species standard in mammals and that the system served monogamy ) . literally every credible scientific resource you can find points to males being consigned to protection and provision of resources and females to caring for young in almost every mammalian species . this is n't a cause of monogamy , but monogamy would serve a protector / caretaker sort of role better than polyamory which would cause a breakdown of assigned survival roles . i 've been respectful up until this point , but you 're claiming “ not to be a biologist ” while making radical ( wrong ) claims about biology that fundamentally defy the basic theory of evolution . on the sociological front , polyamory makes some sense . it 's the opportunity to explore multiple options , try different things , and develop a healthier relationship with sex through experimentation and trial and error . i never said humans have n't been polyamorous , because ( as you stated in trying to correct me ) we have significant records of humans practicing polyamory throughout history . humans are emotionally complex creatures , our need for companionship and socialization is steadfast and unchanging . i 'm not claiming that polyamory is unnatural for humans , or that it 's in any way wrong . two or more consenting adults can do whatever they want in their relationship / on their own time . i do n't care what they get up to . but you made a claim ( that humans were never meant to be monogamous ) that was factually incorrect . i 'm not saying monogamy is the only acceptable option for humans , but it 's how we functioned in our earliest days . biology is not the same as sociology . it is not one of the humanities . there is room for speculation and asking questions , but you can not state things that are untrue and try to mask them under the guise of “ we agree to disagree ” . challenging already established principles is a cornerstone of any science , and biology is always changing , but on a fundamental , basic biological level ; you are wrong .
this question does n't make sense .
the hole is really just an area where the fabric looks overlaps but is not connected . this allows for some expansion of the fabric around this area ; it helps to accommodate your husbands package . using it as a “ pee port ” is just another benefit .
the hole is n't for peeing . it 's to let the front of the underwear expand as needed for the size of the guy 's package .
i dont think any man is mentally tough , they just vent it out throughout the day .
none , i do n't want to deal with their walking stds either
only time i use the underwear hole is in public at urinals . if i 'm at home i pull my pants down and let it ride like butters from southpark
hahahahaha
this type of research deserves a pulitzer mr . wenner
cheeseburgers :hamburger:
i 'll be there for a while . enough to see all your reccomendations .
making people laugh .
singing - - i have a truly awful singing voice , but i 'll sing along to just about every song i can when i 'm alone in the car .
somehow i feel that if a relationship ends badly its easier to recover . but i dont know ..
can take any object from a fiction no matter the media and have it function
sex
you do n't . you end up with mental health issues and a ton of regret . prioritize . i had to support a family . in retrospect i wish i had made more time for them despite my obligations .
> work because it makes me happier than not working , how is that sad ? the fact you do n't realize how sad it is that you can't keep yourself busy / entertained unless you 're working is what make it super mega sad .
that 's psycho shit
weeeee ! thank you so much for my award . i 'm always up for ritual humiliation ! :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
your submission was removed by a computer . this could be for a number of reasons , most of which are summarized in the rules text on the right . in most of these cases , the computer is right , and we will not overturn its decision . if you have re-read your question and still think this is a failure of the automated filter , message us with an actual reason as to why the computer is wrong . if you just say that you think the computer is wrong without any reasoning , we will ignore you . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
agreed . as an american , i can at least say i 'm confused about 78-82 % of the time . bemused the rest of the time .
sleep
lmao
came here to say this . my wife is n't a stylist but she cuts my hair .
this is some jedi-quality advice here :index_pointing_up:
mmmmmmm my girl has a nice back and im like :hot_face: :hot_face: :drooling_face: :drooling_face:
at this point , a lump sum is n't going to ease my financial anxiety unless it 's * really * big , like in the neighborhood of a million dollars . i need reliable income , otherwise i 'm just going to be worrying about how much longer i can make the savings last .
exactly . it 's just exposing us to the uv rays we 're shorted during the winter or on odd shifts , allowing our body to naturally produce vitamin d . from what i understand via my physician , vitamin d is a difficult vitamin for our body to actually absorb via pill .
melody from hey dude . never looked back . no regrets .
cocaine
yeah ? are you an obgyn ?
i 'm speaking from my personal experience , yea sex is physical activity so it 's gonna make you exhausted to an extent but i also feel calm after . i just feel bad after masturbating .
actually seduce me when she 's horny . not like , sit there all hot and bothered and bottle it up , then blame me for not satisfying her . yea we 're not together anymore .
okay ... but how do you feel about it ? just a parenthesis , she has every right not to want to do any of these things , sex is consent . but it 's hard to have a relationship if you 're frustrated in the relationship .
adderall lol
everything will pass . stay strong
agreed ... but , it 's almost worth it when they bottom out on the smallest of bump / incline and scrape the hell out of the plastic ground effects . that shit 's hilarious . a couple years ago i was at work in a neighborhood , and saw a guy with a rediculously low dropped car + cambered wheels . he floored it out of the driveway and crunched the front end on a tiny incline & broke off the whole bumper ( plastic accent ) . i was successfully stifling my laughter ( since i was in uniform & driving work vehicle ) , until his buddies came outside & started laughing their asses off at him . they helped him move his car , but they were giving him shit & laughing the whole time . it was a nice luxury sports car * before * he had modded it too .
it would hurt because she felt that had to sneak around to do it . she knows my password and can open my phone whenever . she also know she just has to ask and ill hand it right over . in marriage there is not privacy , only transparency .
everything hurts and aches more
the problem is all my friends who say this never go on dates , while an increasing number have ended up finding someone after going through it all .
even if she was depressed , that does n't obligate you to put up with it . especially if you 're not married . it 's perfectly fine to say , " i wo n't tolerate being treated like this . please go see a doctor about the problems you 're having so you can feel better . good luck in the future . "
women tend to talk to their friends about everything . and i mean everything . guys , we might say something like we got lucky last night . but in my experience that 's as far as the conversation goes . and that 's for random hookups . if in a committed relationship we mention nothing about sexual " conquests " with that woman .
recently started a job as a developer and have n't a fucking clue what i 'm doing for the most part .
i was in the 2nd grade when i new girl from another school sat by me . i blush like a tomato .
breasts
talk to the dead
the pt cruiser , i absolutely despise that car .
no thanks
for real ...
life
that 's kinda on the small size
ah , so the main problem is the sheer amount of rejections . it 's a matter of perspective - if you receive 10 rejections , or 20 , or 100 , does the actual number mean anything if you end up alone anyway ? i personally think people should stop taking dating apps so seriously , the more you are invested , the more you loose .
i 'm sure you are not ugly !
no , i 've always been the one who wants to take it slow . i do n't kiss on the first date at all . maybe not even the second . i do n't kiss people i would n't see myself dating . a perk is that girls tend to ask me out or make the first move on me . i 'm big on consent , so it 's nice knowing they 're enthusiastic about things . i 'm getting married this october , so i imagine i 'm doing something right .
curious . what makes you think you suck at it ?
balding .
most tats . probably the biggest is snobby and thinking your shit do n't stink .
could or could n't ?
i told my gf i would not be in a dishonest relationship ever again . she has access to my phone and i have access to hers . i sleep well at night .
fit = hot
partly , though all the single women ( in their 30s ) in the suburbs i 've met do in fact have their own careers & money . likewise , there are still plenty of single women in their 18 - younger 20s who still live at home ( with their parents who live in the suburbs ) .
> unless op takes some action to communicate with this person . op is literally asking about how he should go on about doing just this and y'all are like " it 's fiiiiiine why do you caaaaaare " gtfo
make the bed after she slept in it
kiss him when he 's laying dead on the table and wait to see if he comes back to life and stops bullets with his hand .
i wish i could work from a urinal , too .
i 'm not agreeing with you , i 'm calling your " transformative sexual energy " hypothesis stupid . boning a chick or beating your meat will both tire you out to some extent . it 's physical activity . masturbation having negative hormonal consequences has nothing to do with voodoo energy .
some good points !
yes . massive improvement in all my digestive issues . i do n't eat before 10am , i eat dinner at 6pm . i 'm also a big proponent of medically-supervised multi-day water / electrolyte fasting if you suffer from lower gi issues . complete reset of my gut microbiome . another must is live probiotics . eat live bacteria with every meal ( greek yogurt , kefir , sauerkraut , nonspicy kimchi , basically anything lactofermented ) . also switch to a2 milk , only eat bread / pasta made with sourdough starters , grass-fed and grass-finished beef ) .
railing coke off of a strippers ass . & #x200b ; wait what are we talking about ?
:rolling_on_the_floor_laughing: :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing: :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
yup i would say i 'm the same , friends first through clubs or work , & just hit it off when we got alone together . kind of at a loss currently , most all of my hobbies are male dominated ( shooting , banger racing or video games ) , i work in a male dominated field ( engineer in aerospace ) so really feel like i 've expended my pool of people who i can connect with in that way , find the swipe based apps just utterly depressing , get a fair few matches , but none of the type that i actually enjoy talking too .
we just out here existing lol
man instantly loses over 100 lbs with one simple trick . you wo n't believe what happened !
i 'm too scared , hurt and have too many walls that i 've built after going through my life and at this point i do n't want any fights or loud noises around me . i just want peace and some adventure.so i donot want any humans around me.internet humans , travel and a dog is enough for me . i just wanna get that dog , some adventures and die as young as possible ! * * oh , also no one wants me just like the first commenter so that 's nice . :)
idk man , that would be a dealbreaker for me ...
yes . i understand . it doing make it better tho ... right ?
just got dumpstered by my f + ish girlfriend on monday cause she developed feelings for a co worker . which is by no means a shitty reason ( as far as these things can be okay ) but man i miss her lying beside me . edit because i forgot to make my point : she was somewhat of a ... consolation ( in the beginning ) after my girlfriend of 8 years left me 3 years ago . im off far worse on my own tbh .
parenting . 🤷🏾‍♂ 🤦🏽‍♂ :flexed_biceps:
since we 're on the topic , please do n't use the word fart . it is so unclassy and cringe . not to mention inaccurate . i would appreciate if you said brauhongadunkf as it is a more accurate description of gaseous flatulence
> the clit is only 2inches inside the vagina uhhh ...
getting 10 hrs of sleep
> you sound like a failed school shooter . sorry , i 'm not american .
there is no such thing as " the one " . love is different for everyone . find a man who has similar interests , his own goals , and values that are similar to yours . do n't look for a project .
wunderbar ! :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes:
scaled back on the alcohol . not a ton . but just that little bit makes a difference .
:face_with_tears_of_joy:
surgery
whatever the amount is at any level . it will never be quite “ enough ” .
sort of silly but here its my two pennies story : high school , second last year in spring , i had good grade , good behavior etc , my class was really small , we were 13 , and it had been the second year of hearing from teachers and principal itself that we were one of ( if not the ) best classes in the school . one day me and another guy ( we were the class representatives ) went to the principal office for paperwork or shit like that , we knock and i peek with my head , he was doing something on the pc , but he seemed quite chill , i asked to come in etc and he told us to wait , but we only needed him to sign twice or shit like that , not a big deal , and it was during classtime , so we were sacrificing our own time for crap . after 10-15 minutes or so , a woman comes by and enters the principal office , and i started to smell some crap ( metaphorical ) , but we did nothingafter half an hour of our time wasted simply by waiting , i get inside again and i tried to say something among the line of : sorry , but with all due respect we only needed a signature and we 'll head back to the class we are missing , but this is how it went : \ * i peek inside \ * " sorry , b - - " " sorry my ass " ( he did n't actually say ass , in fact he said horn as an animal horn , which in my language is not openly vulgar , but it is equally rude to sorry my ass ) at that point , i closed the door , headed back to class and mind you we stopped being the best class of the school , and from that day we spent each single fucking day mocking the principal and we started to call him by his first name , and the cherry on top was a teacher new to the school that was asking who was this " robert " ( not real name ) we would always refer to , after explaining that it was the principal she only stated " it is disrespectful to go by that " . two months after and she was in the boat with us calling him by his name
solid nightly dose of rem sleep
plus the srt - 4 version hauled ass ...
6000 series aluminum is used in aircraft , but it 's also used in ... pretty much everything . it 's just regular-ass aluminum . 7000 series is much more durable , but it 's also a lot more expensive and harder to work with , so it 's not nearly as common . there are also literally hundreds of other alloys , but the most common one you 'll run into is 6061 .
stop telling me what to do
it sucks .
its hard to pee with a boner
nah . it 's just cheering your boys on .
she would n't have to " find out " my password . she knows how to get into my phone if she needs to and vice versa . if she went through my phone while i was sleeping i would figure she had a good reason .
... what do you imagine these conversations sound like ?
i do n't believe in semen retention either , but i look at it this way . after the adjustment period , i was spending more time improving myself , i was less distracted by thinking about sex , and i was wasting less time looking at porn and jerking off . 0 is easier than 1 . that 's why you do n't offer alcoholics a beer . it 's easier to completely abstain from something you have an unhealthy relationship with than to partake in it moderately . and i assure you , a lot of guys have a porn problem . keep in mind , admitting you have a problem is the first step to recovery , and there are guys who can fap 5 times a day and say they do n't have a problem . it 's not this magical super cure that will fix everything , but we really need to acknowledge that , for some people , not doing a thing os actually better for them . and that 's a personal decision they have to make , without people discouraging it . porn addiction is the only addiction we encourage . we need to stop this .
respect because it 's harder for them .
no , i do n't wish to think of my friends having sex
as someone who has 2 dogs that both like to sleep on my bed , i have a system where i 'll put on the fitted sheet , then like 3 or 4 sheets on top of it . i then take off ( every night ) the ' top layer ' of sheets after the dogs have inevitably made it dirty . that way , i never have to sleep on nasty , dirty , little-particles-all-over-the-place sheets .
oh , yah usually , get my go bag , ditch the old phone , take the car to the safe car a d make a runner until i get to mexico
but you do n't have a single reason why ? i 'm quite happy , i do n't do anything i do n't want to do . i just do n't really get your reasoning here . i 'm making the choice to work because it makes me happier than not working , how is that sad ?
not trying to be mean it 's just if you guys have the concept of debit card then i have never once heard an american talk about it
no she earns my respect for setting a boundary and communicating clearly . thats wife material
me too .
it 's better to stay silent and thought to be a fool than open your mouth and remove all doubt .
ah ok . i 'm on your side - that 's sad
you should always avoid a fight , but if you have to , punch first and punch hard .
sorry to hear that .
when she tells me that i 'm about to get my soul sucked
hit her with the ol ' up and down eyebrow move ... gets em every time
you gonna have to be more specific on when , were and on purpose or just for fun
never play cards with a man named after a city
maybe not the best , but recently this comes to mind : it 's impossible to get rich by saving money . you have to invest it
alpha male = insecure about your small dick
not really men 's clothing but tucking in my business shirt . it just reveals my beer belly !
not even god can change the past , stop dwelling on it
job biden fking us over with his " unity " bs
arrogance
" best meme ever ? "
is this a joke ? .. we were both minors
nobody is gonna care how you feel . tough pill to swallow coming from my father when i was 8 . whatever the situation was though i understood better as i got older that what he meant was that it 's your job to advocate for yourself , and that advice has served me well .
love has done nothing for me , unfortunately .
not flirting with other guys on instagram . not posting provocative pics online for validation . when we are in a club do n't instigate a fight between me and another guy just because you think it 's manly .
yeah , i 've never understood them . love is the most amazing thing in the world , it 's entirely worth it . i 've had horrible things happen to me in the name of love and ive still never regretted any one that ive ever loved .
everything ...
i ( male ) do 95 % of the cooking .
can you elaborate on this one ? people do things for me , especially the people i do things for . i 'm not being cheeky but i 'm not sure i get it .
great book ! the agreements are written on my fridge .
bang her mom and send her the video
doing a single dish is better than none ( you 'll probably get into the groove and do them all anyways . ) being able to commit to the smallest possible task was a huge advancement in my managing of my adhd
especially if they then talk about watching only the most popular or commonplace shows out there . i know its a joke to say at this point , but watching ' the office ' or any other big name comedy show is n't really telling me much about you .
she does 98 % of the cooking but i clean up all the dishes and the kitchen in return . i hate cooking and she hates cleaning so it works out .
i have two . ron jeremy that pedo makes me wanna barf , and riley reid bc she 's a rapist .
what 's the price of happiness ?
not putting it out .
pay very close attention to the way that you speak to yourself . that little voice in your head has the power either to make you or to break you .
i 'm 51 , fallen in love with plenty of people and had plenty of relationships , i can confidently say that it 's worth it . i 've never regretted loving someone , even in the worse relationships with the worst endings . love has always been worth it for me .
oh man . let me tell you . the one time i was that guy was when i did something and the other person did another thing and then the result was surprising but also not unexpected .
for example if you say “ i like that ” and he speeds up say “ slow down it felt better ”
yeah , someone saying " do n't do that or you 'll end up like me " might be giving great advice .
my father told me there is three ways to make money . with your back , on your back and with your mind . the first two are the domain of the young , find out how to make money the third way before your body gives out .
buy the comfiest shoes and the comfiest bed . if you are n't in one , you 're in the other . my back and feet are class btw
never loan anybody something / money youre not willing to lose .
it gets kinda meta , but stick with me . i have always read it as try to do what that person would like you to , in that situation and hope that they would be willing to do the same .
having the entire bathroom counter filled with stuff . makeup , toiletries , hairbrush , used towels , etc etc
be very careful there 's been on the news cases of this happening they then encourage a similarly saucy pic to be sent to them . and then they have your pic and the pic they sent you is likely not theirs and they then try and extort money .
... girls still cook ?
no , that 's just normal sex . wait , is that not how you guys are all doing it ?
80 % of actual cooking . 50 % of figuring out dinner . usually when it 's wife 's turn she orders out 🤷🏾 .
i do n't live together with my partner , but when we are spending the day together , so always cook and she always does the dishes .
100 %
reddit : connecting people together . ;)
pick your battles
75 %
> and this kids , is why you get a prenup . no doubt about that . what always amused me , was the prenup was her father 's idea but it worked both ways . about a month before we got married , her father approached me and said , " how do you feel about a prenup ? i like and respect you , but please see it from my point of view . my daughter , who has a history of bad relationships with men , is marrying someone 10 years older than her & been dating for less than a year . as she is my only child , she is my only heir . i 'm not asking for anything unreasonable , just that if something happens to me and your marriage does n't work out , my daughter is protected . " i saw no reason not to agree to it . the document stipulated that if we was married for less than 10 and had no kids , no support ( alimony or palimony ) was warranted . my ex and i both signed it . was n't she ever surprised when it was pointed out to her ( by her own attorney ) that it worked both ways , she was n't getting anything from me . the best part is , i was a soldier at the time . regulation 608-99 states that a seperated spouse is entitled to 50 % of a soldiers housing allowance ( approximately $ 1,000 a month at the time ) , unless a different amount is agreed on in writing . the prenup her dad wanted me so sign sufficed as a " different amount agreed on in writing " , the amount being $ 0 . getting divorced still sucked . but as i hung out with other soldiers who were getting divorced , it sure felt comforting to know that unlike the rest of them , i was n't forking over a substantial portion of my money .
the horrible history books . i swear i 've read every one that was available at my school library , definitely a fun way to learn about history at a basic level .
i have screens you put over the drain to catch it all dump it after you take a shower :shower: . nope that 's to much to ask they do n't use it . wait for to clog up then me to unclog it :thinking_face:
you 're not as smart as you think you are . in fact , you 're an idiot , and so am i . so shut up and listen to what people have to tell you before you open your big mouth . then take some time to consider what you 've heard . then let it simmer some more . because a good soup , has been left to simmer . simmer your soup , idiot . then you can open your big mouth .
take good care of your things and your things will take good care of you
dump shortly after halloween . most people will assume it was some sort of gag during the festivities .
slow is steady , steady is fast
26 and i have at most 5 close friends
the ones with rock hard fake tits and botox duck lips .
if someone said ' gaming ' was their only hobby and then went on to talk about playing only a handful of modern games on the most recent console , i 'd consider that pretty bland . that 's no different from just watching the biggest movies of the last few years and saying you like movies . they 're just saying something that most people enjoy . however , if someone says they 're a fan of video games , and then talks about their extensive collection of games on the nintendo snes or 64 , or how they collect original ps1 games , or have a side gig as a streamer or someone who makes content related to games , i 'd say that 's well beyond the usual level of interest people have in games and is therefore a hobby . in the same way someone who watches obscure and foreign language films , or has a dedicated home theatre , or is in general a proper cinephile and actually has extensive knowledge on the production and history of films ... that 's someone who has a movie hobby .
when i do n't forget my cock at home
bro .. sex is an innate need of the human body
if you do n't make choices in your life , they will be made for you .
i wo n't argue that some are born with more privilege than others , that 's absolutely true . some face setbacks that others do n't . although it * is * possible for nearly anyone to become “ rich . ” it takes time , and effort , but anyone can buy a book about managing finances . anyone can study investment strategies . anyone can get a roommate to save money on rent . the reality is most people just are n't willing to take that step and put in the effort . maybe not everyone can be filthy rich , but almost anyone can educate themselves financially . jimmy butler on the miami heat ( nba ) was homeless as a teenager . he got kicked out of his home around 13 iirc . not only did he make it to the nba , but he 's a 6x all star . he went to the finals a couple years ago . demar derozan , a 5x all star , grew up in compton . they faced many obstacles , but showed adversity .
this is me with my boyfriend . im bipolar w autism , he 's autistic with ptsd . its always a game of " no having a meltdown , im having a panic attack rn " lol
the good cooking or the bad ? baboom ching !
never take advice from a miserable man . also , never pet a burning dog .
long nails
do n't make it about you . " how do you decide if a relationship is worth getting serious ? " even if they are only interesting in something physical , force them to talk about their psychological interests . then stall on anything physical util psychological openness meets your goals . you get a vote / veto here . do n't give it away .
nah . i 'd rather make a ton of money at work , and do what i want during my time off
leaving the toilet seat down . why am i in charge of another persons bathroom habits ?
before their friend spoils who vader is . 5 is already pushing it tbh
laying on a field of battle exhausted and ... ... victorious
yes it is something i have gently recommended by asking him if he wanted to come along with me and he declined but . we talk frequently and openly about things i have learned in therapy and i think that it has also helped him bits and i feel like there is a possibility that he might want to dip his toe in to it in the future .
is it ?
value your youth
do n't take pictures of fireworks
that the toxic behavior we 've allowed to become normalized on the internet does n't have real-world effects . people want the freedom of spewing whatever incessantly negative thought that comes to their mind without having to deal with the emotional havoc it wreaks on the person they spew it to ; and they also lack the ability to acknowledge how toxic their behavior is because the internet is full of people who will pat them on the back and reaffirm that someone just could n't handle their " harsh truth " ... or was a snowflake ... or was soft . it 's taken accountability out of the equation ; and it has incredibly diminished person-to-person interactions .
i agree , it 's over before you blink and makes you too jittery . a complete waste of cocaine .
check out lock picking lawyer . i know nothing about picking locks , but he apparently sells sets on his website . look up product reviews prior to purchase .
“ you might be new at this , but you do n't have to act like it . ”
there 's a very fine balance , but it needs to be done with strong moderation
if you dont have a union at work , you have nothing at work .
lord knows we 've all done this . half way through i realize “ man this person does n't even care ” lol
dude she 's gross i do n't get it but i guess she 's a big name
had me in the first half ngl
do n't jump .
this is what the case would be if we lived in a perfect world . not at all actuality though .
your submission was removed by a computer . this could be for a number of reasons , most of which are summarized in the rules text on the right . in most of these cases , the computer is right , and we will not overturn its decision . if you have re-read your question and still think this is a failure of the automated filter , message us with an actual reason as to why the computer is wrong . if you just say that you think the computer is wrong without any reasoning , we will ignore you . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i would spend a lot of time with my family one day . i am single and would try to spend the day with my fwb and then pay for some chicks if need be . i have no children so i 'm gonna try to get a woman pregnant . then i will spend the last day eating my favorite foods and reflecting on my life .
do n't jump .
it takes some practice but you know that point where that person is just listen to respond and not listening to comprehend ? that 's when you throw in “ fair enough ” . they can't do shit . some people just argue just for the sake of it . i 'm so done with that .
that 's just how jersey smells
inch by inch , life 's a cinch . yard by yard , life is hard .
any tips on self administering discipline ? i have observed i need discipline but im finding it hard to discipline the i that observed that i need discipline ? im motivated to go to work be healthy and make something of myself but i cant discipline myself nor feel the need to ? !
do n't jump .
personally i would n't say that 's rude . you are just not a chatty person . 🤷🏼‍♀ there 's no point in forcing urself to have longer answers to please others + i 'm sure sometimes u might have this moments when suddenly u talk more hah
i agree but for some reason making my life better makes my father happy and i fucking that mf .
met my wife at wedding reception in 2008 . 6 years later we started dating then got married in 2017
white boys with a “ blaccent ”
dude , i loved that cunt almost more than life itself . if i put a hand on her , god knows i wish i did , do you know how much jail time i would have ? would have lost my job and ... well lost everything anyway . but i stayed employed and rebuilt .
i 'd rather not , girls like the natural smell of men , i think it 's called pheromones
try dunning-kruger
so ... not “ evolved ” right ? neurons and neurotransmitters i mean . mutations ?
what even is the point of saying that ? take a second , a think about what it is you 're trying to say . sure , from a psychological standpoint , verbal posturing would be a side effect of being raised in a hostile / toxic environment like that . simply saying that someone is " all talk " when he 's obviously done a decade 's worth of work on himself is so incredibly reductive
you worded it how i meant it thanks . what i should 've said was do n't get upset and take it out on the person that rejected you . they do n't have to accept you just because you were nice
large pickup truck and " thin blue line " bootlicker sticker
how would your shorts possibly stay dry ? ? ? and your flip flops ? ? ?
just watch how he is with his mother . that 's how he is going to be with you .
this reply reeks of someone who control their childrens opinion of him .
i 'm taking that day off and planning on staying with him all day . give him a nice bath . brush and groom him . got some nice food and fresh water . even a new heated bed . gonna make sure he lives in the lap of luxury for one more day .
worst thing she says is no but there 's the chance of a yes . if you never ask it 's a 100 % no
do you pull your foreskin back all the way when you pee ? making aiming much easier .
i told one dude , slightly aggressively , they should have the gym shut down when they are here . so no one will interfere with their workout . he just kind of looked at me like wtf . luckily we had 2 gyms on base . one with old ass machines and old beat up free weights . most of the jackasses went to . and a newer modern one , with a civilian manager , the base commander set up because he was into fitness . pretty nice guys , the manager and base commander . it was pretty much known acting up would get you banned and an article 13
i 'm guessing only the ones where he 's given his opinion on vets . u ok ?
ironically it was n't to misrepresent myself but on the contrary to represent myself properly . i was ashamed of some of my hobbies while in high school . it was at the start of last decade and people were less tolerant to video games anime etc , at least it was the case in my area . i 've always paid attention to how i present myself , was part of the popular group , was good in my sport and did everything i thought was cool at my age . but deep inside i always preferred being quiet , playing games , reading light novels and mangas . so i created a fake fb account and commented on my hobbies and talked with people related to those hobbies on it .
i 'm more worried about hygiene , did she wash her hands , cover her mouth when burping or sneezing , not fart while i 'm eating ? she could eat with her bare hands as far as i 'm concerned as long as they were washed before she began her meal .
it 's a big deal if you love them and they love you .
we get all the matches
you won a lot faster than many . enjoy it .
okay i will haha , thank you
you 're a dipshit .
nah bro ur a piece of shit u need to give up meat and start taking estrogen shots for that toxic masculinity praise daddy biden and vegan based gawd , i drive a tesla btw
when men do n't take responsibility like doing basic chores because ‘ its a woman 's job ' or ‘ you do it better anyway ' . such a red flag .
the point is : " the one " does n't exist for * anyone . * it 's a perfect ideal that can never exist in real life . take a deep breath , relax , enjoy the time with her as long as it lasts , but do n't expect it to last forever .
i'vr actually been sitting ( facing toilet ) to pee for years now . i picked this habit up 3 years ago when i first came over to my gfs house . i was too paranoid to stand thinking id make a mess . if i 'm wearing jeans then i just try to get as low as possible . i only stand for public toilets , but i still try to get low enough for a much more accurate shot . bringing the target in closer is the best
not really exclusive to men ..
always puts himself first
i wouldnt think too much about the first line if i were you .. i mean , a simple hey would work on me and we would go from there
here is the best thing you can do . just leave . if a girl says she wants to break up 90 % of the time she is bluffing and wants you to beg . say okay , we 're done and that 's it . man up , you got this girl and you can always do better . older men get the more value we have .
i had to google who the hell she was lol . only know her as the dead girl in ep1 of lucifer .
okay thank you , and yea i have now been told by you and others that i should drop the she is the one mentality . i may just be to naive to see that she really likes me , i will reach out this time . thank you
so basically if your last name is putin
go to the gym :) keep yourself busy ! !
i was beat with dowel rods and hands on the butt and it never stopped my behavior . what it did was make the people i feared the most in life my mom and dad . fortunately it was the start of the oprah era and it stopped because of discussion about the negatives of corporal punishment .
ok fine then say i just choose it , im a shitty guy now ? youre argument is absolutely ridiculous eating meat does not make you a bad person
tell her how you feel , if it isnt mutual you get to move on from it instead of being stuck in an endless loob of sadness and uncertainty
yup - that sums me up better than i knew myself
sagittarius
if a girl makes me chase i 'm losing interest immediately , do n't play games with me . be direct and upfront about your feelings and not only will i respect you for it if i also hold the same feelings then it 's a date . no idea why girls think guys want a " chase " and why guys think " i do n't want it to be easy " tf ? what do you mean ? do n't waste my time if you do i wo n't think you 're serious
i give to make a person i care about happy , if they 're happy with what i give , it 's working and i 'm happy , too . as a result , seeing the person enjoying their life thanks to what you bring into it will let you feel that whatever they do for you is earned and well-deserved . if for whatever reason what i offer is not good enough or is being taken for granted , i stop wasting myself on that person - - there 's always someone somewhere for whom whatever you have is a full water cooler in a desert - - do n't waste it on those who 'd make your best effort feel worthless .
let the cat come to you and do n't look directly at it . several people mention treats . let the cat come to you to get treats , do n't approach it .
try to say that when you 're a virgin who has never been desired or loved .
dude , she sought you out , invited you into your home , slept with you , and let you stay there for several days . it can't get more obvious than that ! lol ! ask her out . enjoy .
aiming is not hard lol that dude just nasty asf ! ! if his aim that bad you better tell him to sit and piss or gtfo
i would n't listen to that person . unlikely they have been in a relationship
i only have one : you do n't do it to get anything in return
i had a fake myspace profile back in the day . my real name was friends with my conservative family , then i had a fake name that i used to interact with my friends .
saying the wrong thing or saying too much and having having her do a 180 . which has happened .
invades ukraine
you people are ridiculous but sure whatever helps you sleep on a self righteous cloud at night my dude
or alternatively go piss in the backyard . i love a midnight piss outside
i bet so . hope i will experience it one day :smirking_face:
wtf is a giver ? i give my girl everything she wants and she does the same in return . she wants a mustache ride i . the middle of the night hell yeah my beard looks like a slip n slide . i come home to a hot meal and wanna plow its game on . it 's a partnership we work together . if we have a problem we find out what our problem is and beat its ass down .
fragile ego and being too wrapped up in the inage of what a man is supposed to be . ask me how i know .
how is it every time some omnivore is called out on their cognitive dissonance they magically have relatives who run day spa farms that give cow backrubs and chicken pedicures ? it 's like clockwork at this point . * * there is no dairy farm that does n't rape . * * * * there is no meat farm that does n't murder . * *
you should have been more angry with your whore wife honestly
child abuse will never be okay , no matter how you rephrase it .
i felt this so hard . always been the punchiest bag , to the point of taking extreme physical and emotional abuse for years all because i 'm unable to confront shit i do n't like
it was the same for me , just the other way around . she told me she started getting feelings for me and sadly i had to tell her that was not the case for me . after that er stopped talking every day , we 're still friends though . tldr : tell it how it is
that 's what i think as well . but the other comments on her make me think otherwise . i think i 'm going to stick with the get to know her more , and the date plan . if she even wants to date tho
bitches a lot about stuff he can control . basically the lack of being independent . also , the mess in their house / room / whatever .
" no . do n't contact me again . "
i do n't think i was raised right . i have anger management issues , i break stuff , punch walls , windows , shout and have tendency to blame others instead of taking responsibility ( comes from my mom ) ... im a man-child . depressing .
delete the number and block all social media connections . done .
oh god . what movie have you seen ?
your either intrested or not ! we men do n't play games ! you either in our bed , or not !
do you take medication ? a family member wants me to get on zoloft but i just want to do martial arts
i had something similar except i fought a lot with my brother and never had a strong emotional bond with my family .
umm ... it seems she 's always reached out to you , and inviting you over to spend a weekend just because she 's lonely is a very clear ' i am interested ' . ditch the ' she 's the one ' and just simply ask her out for a normal date . it 's a little unlikely she 'll turn you down . and even if she did , you 'll get a clear message . at the moment , i 'm reading that she 's always been the one to initiate . you do it this time and see where it goes . women are n't that complicated .
just go fuck other girls until your back hurts ull forget all about ur heart ache
does n't pay what he owes .
your post has been flagged as a commonly asked topic here ( relationship break-ups ) . if you think this action was made in error , [ message our moderators ] ( HTTPURL ) with a link to the post for approval . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askmen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i do n't live in their house mate , you do n't know what happens behind closed doors . could be emotional abuse , could be neglect etc do n't need bruises to be damaged .
is only nice to women he 's attracted to
sure ! :face_with_tears_of_joy:
thank you . i do n't really see myself in these comments , which i 'm thankful to be able to say that ... full deference to my own privilege notwithstanding . but what i did see is a lot of problematic shit . thank you for putting these words down eloquently and with love .
i 'm a nihilist when it comes to that stuff
uses one piece of toilet paper to wipe his butthole
for me it came with age , suddenly i was just like , why shouldnt i feel good ? tired of feeling bad about things for no reason .. i hope you get out of it because it can be really depressing and i 'd argue it 's for no reason . maybe find inspiration from something ridiculous , like if honey bobos mother can send her little kid to be a beauty pageant , you can be proud of your rubber wrist trick ( i for one do n't know any rubber wrist tricks )
the drawback to a casual fling is either party can be casually dismissed at any point with no explanation . both of you got into it as consenting adults , you are completely free to boogie on out to greener pastures with as much or as little explanation as necessary . i actually need advice on how to break up with someone in a slightly more involved situation .
so your parents taught you not to fart during sex ? kinda weird .
> on february 23 she invited me over because she was home alone during winter break ( i live in norway and we have something called winter break which lasts a week , it means no school for students ) and i stayed there until the morning on february 26th , not because i refused to leave , but she wanted me to stay , she told me that . it sounds like she already likes you . ask her out on a date , keep dating , get to know her more , and tell her that you really like her .
i cried my heart out while reading “ when breathe becomes air . ” i read it just after my brother passed and this book was written about an oncology physician who is dying of cancer . even just thinking about it brings tears to my eyes .
which is the petri dish of victimhood . certainly in my case .
reverse poop cannon , inpressive !
good question . fear of success ... or is it fear of failure ?
but if we ever dare to use the tactic on them it becomes our fault that we are keeping score . or they shift goalposts and changes definitions of words so the rule wo n't apply to them
water is for real men
when i was a single man i probably had a small bag of flour for random things that required flour .
you can coat things in them and fry them !
bag of rice . no flour though . i bought flour once for baking but my mom stole it .
1 bag i bought it 5 years ago . it 's 1 month older than my dog . 3 years after that , i put it in a jar thinking it would make me use it more . that flour has moved house with me twice over the past 3 years and i just removed the tape over the lid last weekend thinking i would make something , but i just bbqd instead .
when i lived alone i did not own flour .
one bag of 5 - pound all-purpose flour and one bag of 5 - pound bread flour
i own no flower
one , only because a girl i dated a few months back bought it .
yes , it does . benign little tumors , but it happened to me . note , i am a data point not a data set .
scotch . neat . preferably , a good , single malt highland or speyside
it 's less about a " light switch " than it is about " different boxes " . it 's compartmentalization . men are better at walling off certian emotions , things , events , etc . , and keeping them where they are supposed to be . most men are better at this than most women are . we can do this because it makes it easier to think critically and logically . note : i am not saying that women can not do this or can not think critically . i am simply saying men are better at this because we do this more often . we have to .
one
it 's the worst when they hit you up , you think it 'll go somewhere , then they need you to move furniture lol
i have one bag of flour , i use it when i make schnitzel and gravy .
single malt scotch : glenlivet ( my house scotch ) and several others in our bar .
but but how do you roux ?
sounds like that 's coming from experience
zero
i have one bag . it has been at the back of my cupboard for two years .
ardbeg or caol ila .
when i was single i kept a small bag of flour mostly for making sauces
you guys have flour ?
try and distract myself with hobbies
1
it 's so weird . i understand i fell the emotion but my body wo n't express it .
i like to make fried pork chops ( super cheap and good with some apple sauce ) / chicken sometimes so i definitely always have flower . you guys must not fry food often lmao .
i like a dark and stormy or anything with pineapple , though hurricanes from new orleans bars are also very tasty and very dangerous
whiskey n coke
never had flour but was rarely single
i 'm pretty sure i bought a bag of flour and put it in an ikea glass storage jar . mind you , that was probably 8 years ago . i 've used * maybe * 5 % of it since then .
new york for me
clothes
before dating i 'd have no flour . occasionally i would buy a bag to make country fried steak and after that i 'd just toss it .
i have a small bag of cjickpea / fava bean flour . i have half a small bag of regular flour
when i was single : 0
zero but i do have an unopened bag of sugar that i from time to time stumble upon in my kitchen that my mom forced upon me half a year ago .
hell i 'm married and own 0
diesel technician here . the jobs are getting aged out and i 've had offers upward of $ 30 / hour in the last year when i was making $ 20 / hour at the start of the pandemic .
i have at least 4 different types of flour . all purpose , bread flour , whole wheat , and rye .
this , womens clothes shops are a nightmare if you just want plain , loose fitting normal clothes in dark colours and not have to wade through racks and racks to find it . shopping in the mens is easier
at least 4 nights a week
homosexuality has * nothing * to do with liking anal . let me introduce you to a homosexual who finds anal anything absolutely repulsive - me .
right . a low cost index fund is all you need . just never touch it aside from adding to it .
i always use it for protein bean burritos and pizza and tortillas . fresh hot tortillas are delicious , especially the way my mum makes them , i use same recipe . flour , beans , rice , dry goods are usually good to keep on hand for any disasters .
no bags but i do have half a bag left in my airtight flour jar
like 2
one bag
i 'd do that but people tend to get weird when you still have no interest in talking to them after doing that .
but you still suggested talcum powder , which they were addressing in their reply , so this comment seems defensive . from someone who started getting benign growths in their balls because of talcum powder use , do not do it .
i think i have one . problem gone bad now .
i live in southern ca and have yet to see bananas that are 19c each . flour is wayyyy cheaper and goes a longer way i do n't even think the bananas at the dollar store are that cheap please lmk where to shop
do n't try to act to tough or macho , also do n't be an arrogant asshole all the time ( not saying you are but i do n't know you so that like high on the do not do list ) . i have an older brother and he 's my least favorite person i know , as bad as it sounds it 's true , but it 's because of the reasons above , along with some others . like mainly he treats my parents like shit and blames everyone else for any problem he 's ever had , just do n't be that kind of example . now for things to do , treat him with respect and show him how to be respectful to others . this is huge in todays society not very many people can show respect to anyone else especially if anything controversial gets brought up . that goes on to another point , try to be an example of how to have a mature conversation about different opinions rather than just starting a shouting fest . there 's really so much to say and what to do but at the end think about what you want as a role model . like be the person you want to be
i had a bag of flour , that i used to batter chicken and nothing else
i own 1 and i havnt touched it in 4 years
2 pounds in 5 bags
for me it 's usually when i 'm stressed . like if i have a lot of work to do or if my workouts get really heavy and i feel broken down . might also be during periods when i 'm cutting or if i do n't get enough sleep . but i am always able to recognize that my drive is n't what it usually is and try to tell my partner why i 'm not really feeling it .
when i was single after i moved out 18-23 i never bought flower . if i cooked it meant cleaning the kitchen , fuck that especially with roommates . now a married dad of two i have to have flowers my daughters love cookies .
utterly indifferent .
i have no flour since i do keto , but i do use healthier alternatives if that counts ...
your field at least in australia is 100 % remote . any job behind a computer now in the worst case scenario is a 1 day weekly office visit . my current job is 100 % wfh
yeah , emotional disconnect is a regular occurrence in a society where we are looked down upon for expressing emotion . it 's not that they are n't there , it 's that we hide them or ignore them , usually to have them manifest in other areas later .
a great way i 've battled my own is to look at the emotion i 'm feeling when it hits , not resist it , and look at what the opposite feeling is . and put myself in the shoes of a person who 's feeling that . it 's simplistic but it helps me
statistically , being a landscaper or garbage man is more deadly than being an electrician . if you do what you 're supposed to the risk is low .
yea pancakes are easy and i want minimal ingredients no pre made mixes . so almond , oat , and wheat . all in the cabinet . oat sucks for breading the chicken though .
no-knead olive bread .
zero . what the hell am i supposed to do with it ? ?
i have 2 . my parents said if shit ever hit the fan always have some flour and yeast on hand so you could make bread , even if it is bitch bread .
gotta have a tiny bag for all those boxed cookie and brownie mixes that use it .
while i am neither single nor do i live alone , i suspect that if i were i would have probably twice as much flour as i currently do because fresh baked bread is the next best thing to getting laid in my opinion . come to think of it fresh baked bread probably would get me laid too . damn , i gotta to make some bread when i get home .. l
no you idiots are wrong . look up the definition of addiction and by definition ops friends are addicts .
yet youre the one who came for answers , go figure ...
2022 baking stuff , what the fuck ? get on with times , guys
i have multiple bags ... organic white , bakers and whole grain . what the hell is the problem ? i 'm not going to be dependent on anyone for eating well .
1 bag . use it for cookies and making biscuit and gravy .
flour ? i hardly know her
oh wow . guess im the odd one out . i own no less than 6 25lb bags of flour . i make my own bread , so i go through quite a bit , but i also use it for food storage
i have like 4 bags . i like frying stuff about once a week and a lot of the times when i 'm getting everything at the store i am like , do i got flour . not realizing i bought flour last week or the week before
now , i can stand behind rice , but fucking flour ?
tuff one i am like that now just reading redit most of day bored ! ! hopefully weather will get better i ll feel like going out doing things ! ! thinking hitting gun club tomorro but been saying that all winter while sit on coach ?
during my days of being a single adult male i can not ever remember buying a bag of flour .
" do just one thing . " i find the smallest thing i need to do and tell myself to just do that one thing . it might be taking dishes to the sink . if i 'm still struggling after that , i can go back to my slump for another while . otherwise i find one more " just one thing . " usually one thing turns into another and another until my to-do list is much leaner .
i have at least one because i use it to cook . and i would say i cook as a hobby . it 's mostly a way to feed my body . single dudes gotta eat .
if you 're single and you date morbidly obese chicks , gotta have flour to roll her around in so you can find the wet spot . ba dum tish !
i 'll try anything once
never have i ever owned a bag
so eat the medical professionals keeping alive until i get to a hospital are paid zip ? this seems like a grievous market error do n't you guys need degrees or certification or that job . this seems like a very dire need for unions .
i own no flour . am i supposed to ? shit .
i sincerely do n't understand what people mean when they say " cook " , or talk about people not knowing how to " cook " . cooking food seems so intuitive i have trouble understanding how a person could n't do it .
? why are you so angry
i have one bag of flour . i use it for onion soup . it 's the best .
3 ... sincerely
zero , but i 'm only in my 2nd relationship . my hs girlfriend and i lasted 5 years
fill it with a warhammer army
