what the fuck are you even saying . what does that have to do with anything , it 's between a 17 year old and a 26 year old . the age gap is too big and she 's probably in high school at that time
jesus christ . y the hell ? ! ?
0/10 , speaks excellent english except does not understand the concept of consent
that i assume he 's grown and changed somewhat since i was was with him 30 years ago .
i wish i could see such things but there 's too much light pollution where i live .
similar perspective ! i have female friends from school , and we spent our formative years together . we get along well even if we do n't see each other for a long time . it became hard after school for me to make new friends as most girls i then encountered were quite different to me . they were really outgoing and extroverted . i was really quiet and never valued makeup , music , raves , etc . eventually found new introverted girls to connect with . we talk about feelings , fairness and food , haha .
lmao yikes
yes . i 've had guys literally yell at me things like “ but i was so nice you ! why can you see how i feel about you ? ! ? ” its very unnerving .
having a stomach lol . people are always going on how it should be flat and i should do crunches . or i would never be able to wear a bikini . i think i look overall ok . a total flat stomach is nice but not my priority .
that call would go to vm :grinning_squinting_face:
just block and move on if he suddenly disappears . he 's not man enough to ask for a breakup . that 's just how he is , a fucking pussy .
your comment has been removed : disrespectful or hateful commentary is not permitted . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
a kind person . good communicator . has a way with words . sweet . he needs to know for sure what he wants though , and be honest about it when it counts and not drag things on when there is no need for it . its just decency and respect for person they 're seeing 's time
you can have completely normal looking lab results and still be infertile , it 's called unexplained infertility . unfortunately the best test we have for determining if a couple is infertile is by actually trying .
your comment has been removed : gendered slurs are strictly scrutinized ; please see our [ gendered slurs policy guide . ] ( HTTPURL ) if you edit your comment , let us know and it may be reinstated . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
nose bumps are super attractive ngl
a family to go home to
a big beautiful bathtub
my love handles .
a common interest , purely to discuss said interest . i like to keep it anonymous though .
it makes me uncomfortable .
hello , / u / snootomatoes 3703 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed for seeking advice about a specific person or personal situation . r / askwomen is about receiving answers from the community about their own opinions and experiences rather than seeking input on specific personal situations . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
ikr . the last one was like " but i 'd only give you xy ccs ! " when i said i do n't want big boobs ( i forgot the exact value , but i looked up a [ before-after picture with the size she mentioned and this is what i 'd look like irl if i got that size - definitely noticeable ! ] ( HTTPURL ) ) and i 'm just like ... let 's not even go into the whole me being nb and being able to pass as any gender depending on what i 'm wearing , and my flat chest helping me out with that , you do n't just offer to " improve " someone like that ! like ... sheesh , i 'm here because plastic surgeons are so much better at birthmark removal , not because i want to bigger boobs . way to play on a common insecurity like that ... the funniest thing is that i think she genuinely wanted to help because i said i felt unbalanced ( i 'm pear-shaped , so i 'm definitely bottom-heavy ) and ... major surgery is the solution ? lol
your comment has been removed : removed for casual or inappropriate usage of mental health related terms or diagnostic labels . please do not speculate , armchair diagnose , or label other people 's mental health situations or use terms for mental health issues as judgments , slurs , or synonyms for toxic / abusive behaviour . please let us know once you 've made the requested changes and your content may be reinstated . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
even though we both have tempers , honestly we do n't really fight . on the rare occasions that we have a disagreement , at most he 'll just flat out tell me i 'm wrong . if we get a little too heated , we 'll usually just give each other space for awhile to cool off , then come back and talk it out like reasonable adults . although we 're both very independent , we never put ourselves into a position where we 're against each other so our clashes are mainly differences in opinion , experience and personality . it took me a long time to realize that partners fighting is not normal , arguments are not something to be won , and that you can have a disagreement without raising your voice . i will never tolerate living in that environment ever again , it was bad enough to grow up in i 'm not subjecting myself to it voluntarily .
they keep increasing the number .
hello , / u / lawyerly 96 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed for seeking advice about a specific person or personal situation . r / askwomen is about receiving answers from the community about their own opinions and experiences rather than seeking input on specific personal situations . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
a sauna and a little swimming pool or at least a really big bath with whirlpool .
in my opinion , it 's barely an acceptable first name for boys ( i 'm not a fan of the surnames as first names thing ) . definitely would n't give it to a girl
henry cavill , but that 's not just because i have a huge crush on him .
an observatory ! i would love to have a giant room at the top of the house with all glass walls so i can look out at the stars and planets
mascara
ryan reynolds . if he roofys it or not , i 'm totally fine with either outcome
make up . it truly brings out my good features . decluttering . i make a huge mess during the day , and in the evening , i 'll put on some music and start decluttering . feels so good when it 's done .
not sure if he counts but he said that it 's okay that the age of consent is 15 ... and last i heard incels are trying to get with underage minors sooo ummm
he will probably leave you when shit gets tough . dont get too attached .
what he did to me is not considered rape in the state we live in , but it would be in others .
jessica chastin has it so hot
all the things that happened to me between 4-22 mental and physical abuse , cheating ... and all the stuff still hard to deal with sometimes .
i do n't think there 's something with deferring arguments in all cases . considering neither of us are typically the type to explode , it 's usually a fear to face the discomfort of disagreement . since we both prioritize honesty above most things , i just try to push him unless i recognize it 's not a smart idea ( he thanks me for it ) . otherwise , we 'd just push our feelings down for no good reason . only once have we actually gotten so blindsided in an argument that it made us both cry . we still found it worth it . wanting to " change " your so , is it about wanting what 's best for him ? or is it just your personal preference ? if it 's the former , if you put the right way / nonjudgmentally , there 's a good potential that he can be understanding . but , you can only make suggestions , never change someone .
gua sha , ice globe facial massage spheres , good moisturizer , good under-eye serum , hydration .
i knew this guy from uni who was also writing on our student forum . weird guy . he thought women should be virgins and pure but he lusted over porn stars . seems like these guys struggle with a madonna / whore complex of sorts . he was n't interested in me , thank god .
thanks :yellow_heart:
a 9 " smith and wesson knife , pepper spray
i have a chin dimple which i used to hate in middle school . it felt like a crater in my chin . i 'd always think how my face would look like without it . i also used to think that i a have double chin because that dimple divided my chin into two parts from the center making it a double chin . later i realised that it is the most unique feature one can have not everybody has it . plus its genetic , i got it from my dad.few years later i realised what exactly a double chin is . now i cherish my chin dimple it make me look cute :face_savoring_food: :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes:
hello iamamiserableasshole . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i 'm a girl and i 'd prefer the name mike over lincoln .
oh yes ! same . my ex is one of my best friends , and we broke up because we did n't fit as a couple . he has done similar things to me .
i was bullied for my ‘ piggy nose ' . i have probably grown into it more by now to be fair but it would be classed as a ‘ ski slope ' nose now . all i see are girls getting the nose i was bullied for .
a walk-in pantry
arnold schwarzenegger .
i 'm choking on my own spit . that was hilarious :face_with_tears_of_joy:
keanu reeves . no question
that makes sense . i 'm a little older , so i grew up without internet until end of high school . the 90 ' s had their problems , but i feel at least some of these behaviors would have been beaten out of them back then . it 's harder to act tough when you 're not hiding behind a keyboard . i think reddit is one of the better social networks , but it 's got its nasty underbelly too . sorry for all the women that have to go through this .
i thought i 'd hate them and only started wearing them to avoid visible panty lines with specific dresses . i actually ended up finding them really comfy , more comfy than some regular panties . 100 % cotton , not too thick fabric , in a size that is n't too small for me .
henry cavill
sleep and moisturiser .
do n't keep going . take a break . if you can't completely stop everything , prioritize the most important things and let the rest go .
once , an exes friend . would never look me in the eye or speak directly to me even if i asked him a question . i assumed he maybe just shy or awkward around new people , til i brought it up to ex and he said he was a virgin ( 24 years old , no shame just not that common ) and didnt view women as friendship material i guess . we had mutual interests like anime and video games that i would ask him about and he was just really antisocial towards me . bummed me out cause he seemed like a decent guy .
i cut them all off bc im not happy with how my life is going , ill come back to them when ive sorted everything out & i have good news t tell them
beauty marks
back acne , not the pimples but the scars . i honestly do n't mind them , and would wear a dress showing it without a care in the world . it 's slightly poetic with all the bs i went through .
do n't follow people who make me feel bad about myself .
lmaooo and the place would serve honey jars lol
dermaplane
that he 's an abusive asshole , who is very charming and intellectual . but please run in the opposite direction cuz he 's an abusive asshole .
he knows better but to turn that attention away from his mistakes , he 'll tell me that i 'm hurt because i chose to feel that way . also , he starts being sarcastic and have snarky remarks . if i try to tell him he is because hello , i know what sarcasm and unnecessarily comments sounds like , he wo n't admit it . it can turn any argument to something worse quickly .
same . we just do intimate stuff at home . i can't imagine making out in public with people gazing at us .
oh honey , no
sounds like your ex is a textbook narcissist . i 'm so sorry .
my body hair . meaning , i 'm female , do n't shave , do n't wax . sometimes i get my eyebrows waxed , but nothing else . i used to get ingrown hairs in my pits until i stopped shaving .
steaming is twice as fast and much easier . works on every fabric . but honestly i only need it when i neglect to fold / hang my clothes .
thanks . you too !
harry styles . legit .
:face_with_tears_of_joy: :face_with_tears_of_joy: :loudly_crying_face: :loudly_crying_face: :loudly_crying_face: this sounds exactly like mine
run as fast as you can honey . he 's a walking :triangular_flag:
they get into echo chambers , do n't socialise irl , base their opinions of how the world works off these echo chambers and apps like tinder that do n't work . when the internet is all you know , it becomes all that matters . and the comments here reflect that most incels the women here have crossed paths with have been online . it 's very easy to get then trapped in a toxic and victim way of thinking that is hard to break out of because it becomes your identity .
a little uncomfy / jealous
expects you to be his mother , keeps moving any type of goal post so you turn yourself inside out to win his approval or affection , is a hoarder of sorts and is messy , smokes a lot of pot , no affection , can't keep hard but will make you feel like it 's all your fault , wo n't eat you out . wo n't really do anything nice for you . only is with you because he does n't want to be alone . also continually breadcrumbs you through the relationship make sure if you date him also get a therapist cause you will need it
fear by sarah mclaughlin
i was eeish before i had a reduction . i love my c cups !
oh my god . i can't believe this actually happens in real life . this dude is definitely mentally ill . i 'm sorry i 'm going to say this but he 's a yandere . my god ...
brush up my brows
i come home , go upstairs and put my work stuff away . i put my house shoes on and go next door to have coffee with my mom and say hi to their cats . we have coffee together , talk about our days and whatever else is going on . then i go back to my apartment and let the younger cat come over and play around while i make dinner . i send her home when she gets annoying . i eat dinner , clean up , then spend a few minutes reviewing my bullet journal . i might do a couple of smaller chores if i have anything left unfinished , but that 's usually the official end of my day . after that i have a couple hours of free time . most of the time i play video games , but i also read , watch netflix or whatever , just whatever i feel like doing to relax . i end my evening by taking a shower , changing into my nightgown and going to bed . i usually fall asleep pretty quickly since my days can be long and tiring and i need to wake up early in the morning . usually in bed by 10 at the latest to be up for 5 .
stuck on you - lionel richie
ooh i have one . once , when i was 17 or 18 , i downloaded this app so you could chat with people all over the world and you got to pick some interests , and you 'd find them with similar ones . it was n't a dating app . i actually did some long term friends on there ! but then there was this one conversation that turned fast to something else because he was being gross and inappropriate ( he was older than 26 ) . so i blocked him , but before i did i explained to him how gross he was for starting chatting about that when i was that young , i probably called him an idiot ( and i still think that was well deserved ) . then he made another account to call me an sl * t and wh * re bla bla , for blocking him . what a creep .. i was seriously so shocked . he was from the us as well , i 'm from northern europe .
larry david . ( i do n't drink , so i 'm trusting larry with my soft drink )
the cut from the same cloth take was a bit of a surprise . thanks for sharing , it 's an interesting position !
" do you see how mommy is treating me ? "
tom middleton
ahahaha ! i get it ! because big boobs literally weigh you down ... * cries in 38gg *
i 'd assume my mother craved to watch me get bullied
if i had a gun , it would be that . other than that , a pocket knife and blind faith . lol
yes . they got one punched to the dick
the girl i 'm seeing is the same and i love to trace my finger along her veins and follow them along . the ones in her wrists are super pretty .
i used to cut them off . now i just do n't wear underwear .
i 'm taking medication which sends my prolactin through the roof , so its been quite a few months since my last one
unfortunately i wake up between 4:00- 5:00 whether i want to or not , no matter what time i go to bed . so i try to go to bed between 9:00- 10:00 but it does n't always happen .
test
my short height . my own mother used to constantly point it out and tell me to wear heels to look taller . i do n't wear heels first , because i just do n't want to , second , because i have a problematic knee , and third , i am not going to " fix " myself to look more acceptable and normal . sometimes only when i feel like it , i might wear short heels , but i prefer comfortable footwear , and not going to " sacrifice myself for beauty "
i find nose rings attractive
i have lol and it went well
hello low_kaleidoscope _670 . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
funny enough i used to be a dog person and hate cats
i used to be like that too , i still am a little bit . funny thing is , guys will often fall for the feminine , delicate one and not for the tom boy . i did everything men enjoy : drinking lots , wearing edgy clothes , using bad words , being risky , eating the same amounts as them . really becoming a man-like woman . but now i am liking my femininity so much and i regret all years i hated music for women , makeup or bright-colored clothes :)
i love dogs ! especially my dog ! he always makes me feel better when i 'm down .
same here love dogs grew up with them but not home enough so cats for the win
same
yes . make sure to put your lipstick on before he comes home from work .
my boyfriend sent me home and has had 4 people over constantly ( 2f4m ) and i 'm stressed cause i do n't trust females . my boyfriend is very attractive and one female already has like a flirty type vibe when she 's there .
covid . feeling suffocated in my small metropoliton capitalistic rat race country . not being able to move countries yet . all my friends jaded but still chasing the ‘ formula ' of life — work , marry , kids , die . 1 family member with a stroke and another with a heart attack all in 1 month . self-esteem issues since forever . genocide and corruption . governments greed . the list goes on but i do n't want to type this anymore .
does your friend have an opinion on this ?
i 've heard this one is good as well x
doing things together or learning your partner 's hobbies , i go fishing with my bf every once in a while and we caught many fishes together
armpits every day , because i like wearing vest tops . legs and bikini line once a week , for weekend " fun " with husband . do n't bother if i 'm on my period . if for whatever reason i skip and let it get longer i tell husband to " feel the fuzz " and he runs a hand up my leg and goes " ooh fuzzy ! " it 's become a weird in joke for us now .
background : i was in a restaurant with a friend and the waitress had it on . we were so taken by it we asked her what it was and went on a wild goose chase to find it . i have never asked anyone with the absolute intent of buying a perfume like i have before ! to answer - to me it smells like the australian bush in the evening . like gumtrees and dirt and creeks which have been in the sun all day . i know that might not sound appealing but i 've had countless people ask me what i 'm wearing !
this is the same for me as well . i feel like i 'm a bag of farts in a human suit at this point .
have you read the rules ?
after i went over for what was supposed to just be a weekend and never left . got a uhaul about a month later .
i 've heard from a dermatologist that zinc supplement bought from pharmacy can help with some of the skin problems . it helped some of my friends who have dandruff .
i should be able to ask this question but go ahead and censor me , as we all know censorship is the answer everybody 's lookin for .
i know it 's dear but it 's captivating ! !
you guys with the big serious ones and me just first thought : ' period poops ' ...
this post has been removed . today is thersday , where questions must be centered around women and their experiences outside of relationships with other people . additionally , we do not allow posts excluding minority demographics . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post
it 's an ask women sub and i have a question for women about men and sex in a relationship . does this not pertain ?
this post has been removed . today is thersday , where questions must be centered around women and their experiences outside of relationships with other people . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post .
personally i prefer more natural tones
this post has been removed - titles must be open ended questions . this means not yes / no , either / or , or " does anyone else " questions . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post .
marriage does n't make the relationship powerful , you get married * because * it is ( if you want it ) . it 's not going to make something damaged or broken better .
this post has been removed - we are not a subreddit for personal evaluation , advice , recommendations , or validation . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post
this post has been removed - we are not a subreddit for personal evaluation , advice , recommendations , or validation . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post
and being in a long term relationship changes libido too . usually into a nosedive that 's unrecoverable . i 've always wondered if it 's the birth control that tanks libido or just the natural effect of familiarity and not being able to pursue other people or be pursued by them .
everything .
yeah , sure . i do n't see a problem with it . i once dyed my hair purple , and had some dye left over , so my fiancé let me put some in his hair . it was cute !
not sure but i tend to always side with how effective second wave feminism was .
my children .
if it suits them sure
if we 're working off the definitions being * liberal feminism : " is a main branch of feminism defined by its focus on achieving gender equality through political and legal reform within the framework of liberal democracy . " * radical feminism : " is a perspective within [ feminism ] ( HTTPURL ) that calls for a [ radical ] ( HTTPURL ) re-ordering of society in which [ male supremacy ] ( HTTPURL ) is eliminated in all social and economic contexts , while recognizing that women 's experiences are also affected by other social divisions such as in race , class , and sexual orientation . the ideology and movement emerged in the 1960s . [ [ 1 ] ] ( HTTPURL ) [ [ 2 ] ] ( HTTPURL ) [ [ 3 ] ] ( HTTPURL ) radical feminists view society as fundamentally a [ patriarchy ] ( HTTPURL ) in which [ men ] ( HTTPURL ) dominate and oppress [ women ] ( HTTPURL ) . radical feminists seek to abolish the patriarchy as one front in a struggle to liberate everyone from an unjust society by challenging existing social norms and institutions . this struggle includes opposing the [ sexual objectification ] ( HTTPURL ) of women , raising public awareness about such issues as [ rape ] ( HTTPURL ) and [ violence against women ] ( HTTPURL ) , challenging the concept of [ gender roles ] ( HTTPURL ) , and challenging what radical feminists see as a racialized and gendered capitalism that characterizes the united states and many other countries . and marxist feminism : " is a philosophical variant of [ feminism ] ( HTTPURL ) that incorporates and extends [ marxist ] ( HTTPURL ) theory . " ... not marxist feminism , because fuck marx and anything to do with him . ... radical feminism sounds like a home for rabid conspiracy theories . ... whichever one is " hey do n't try and fuck over women because they 're women , and make sure that they at least have the same chance at opportunites as dudes " so erm ... tl ;d r liberal feminism ?
the only thing that gets worn 4 times max are hoodies , jackets , and bras
sexual compatibility is highly underrated .
your user name :grinning_face: so cute
have you talked about this ? maybe problem is depression , too much chores or something bothers him ( i . e . shame that it 's too short , did n't meet your expectations in bed ) and he did n't want to do it and disappoint you ? when my so was struggling with depression and anxiety my drive went drastically down . i had so many chores , taking care of us , dog , house etc . i was barely holding and did n't talk to anyone about that ( that was like 3-5 y ago ) . worse is that when she got better , my drive stayed low ( i got used to it ;-( ) . last few months i started rediscovering myself in our relation , bought some toys , started enjoying everything more again , also love taking care of her . most important if you read this , try talking and figuring out if low sex drive is his thing , or it 's low because of something you both could fix . that 's if you care about your current relationship .
your submission has been removed because this question contains a post title or topic that is already active or commonly discussed . we are not accepting any new submissions regarding this post / topic this time so please search the subreddit using keywords before reposting . you can view our faq [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) or search the subreddit . you can always go to r / findareddit to find the right place for your post . if you think you received this message in error , link your post & please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was auto-removed for asking for asking about a commonly asked subject . " & message =) . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
what ? you 're seriously telling women how they feel ? you probably have good intentions but it 's really weird for a man to tell women they " revert back to the stone ages " after they have kids . but go off i guess .
a student told me i had beautiful eyes . it was embarrassing for me because i do n't like attention , but i felt nice about myself .
academics
i had a peeping tom i think ? i was home alone in highschool , my parents were on a date , i had my window wide open because i smoked weed at night secretly and didnt wanna stink up my room before they got home . there was n't a screen on it or anything either because i fucked it up sneaking out one night . my bed was pushed against the wall the window was on and since i had been smoking , i was sitting right next to it . i was on the phone to my friend just vibing or whatever , when i heard the grass outside my window crunch . i did n't think much of it and assumed it was a cat , but looked outside anyways and boom , face to face with some strange man . he dropped to the ground and bear crawled away , which i think creeped me out more than anything . it was literally like a scene from a fuckin ' horror movie , some creature crawling off into the night on all fours . scared the shit out of me . the second thing that creeped me out was that i had no idea how long he 'd actually been there , what he was doing , and if this was the first time he had been there . i 'm getting goosebumps just writing this , what if this was just like a habit he had ? what if he 'd been there every night before for god knows how long ? aaaaahh . i do n't think it changed my perception too much . i already knew creeps existed and i lived in a crappy neighborhood , but it did stop me from opening my window to smoke weed in the future and got me in trouble with my momma .
learn what makes the other person feel loved .
that 's exactly what happened the other day to me ! i was going on my merry way and just tripped on damaged pavement . and started laughing at myself . that apparently was signal i 'm interested in a guy who was walking past me . 🤷🏼‍♀
by trying not to idalize my partner , and looking for worth in my own self .
youtube for makeup and hair . myself for fashion .
they 're extremely cute and definitely knows when you 're sad . they 'll try to cheer you up , mine nuzzles her nose between my hands until she can lick my face . i still miss her :(
definitely socks ... when you own cool ones lol
my low self-esteem . been rejected quite a bit in potential romantic relationships and friendships recently , and it 's hitting super hard . not to mention that i think it 's a pathetic problem to have personally and am ashamed of the huge effect it 's having on my mental well-being when others are experiencing things like serious health problems , domestic disputes , etc .
i finally did something for myself and took some time for me . felt very renewing .
i can't wait to get a dog ! once i have a nice little back yard for them to run around in . hopefully soon !
usually less than a minute on my own ( with satisfyer ) , never had one with a partner
right ? ! it 's ridiculous
im very emotionally unstable like if something happens i have to be a bit dramatic about it like just let it out and afterwards ill be okay again
how does one go about finding a good sexual therapist ? between a decade-old disorder that resulted in surgery on the delicate bits , general stress , and the stress of having a pair of toddlers and not wanting to be touched * at all , * i 'm completely checked out unless i drink first and turn my head off . my husband 's finally taking me at my word that it 's actually * not * him , but i need some help .
remembering you do not enter a relationship to change someone . you are two individuals becoming a couple to compliment one another and hopefully enhance each other 's lives positively .
i wish i had known how different it would be now that we 're older and i knew it would be different but did n't think it would be this much . when we met we were in our mid 20 ' s and had the same drive and now we 're approaching early 30 ' s and my drive is much much higher than his , i think it makes him feel bad sometimes that he can't just be “ ready to go ” . his mindset has to be clear , it has to be a low stress environment but he has extreme anxiety so he 's stressed most of the time . :weary_face:
oh my god , they 're beautiful ! hot goth vibes ! ? !
life isnt going to hand you anything . you need to fight , beg , plead , make efforts and sacrifices to get whzt you want . but even then , sometimes you dont get what you want . and the bs is , women need to work twice as hard to be trusted at their job or considered an equal . plus all the motherhood and playing on her feelings to be a mother . shaming mothers to chose the career more and on the other side : feeling guilty for not keeping up with your household or let someone else do it ( whom you have paid for to do it ) you are deemed less of a woman if you dont do your household .
that is n't true for everyone . just like periods , everyone experiences vary .
thank you !
t shirts . tie dyes and funny sayings .
i apply this everywhere whenever someone expects me of something . would they expect this from a guy ? no . would a guy do this ? no . alrighty , same applies for me . this helps a lot in india where it is expected from women to stretch themselves thin !
dogs are cool . sometimes they really make the house smell and they can be annoying to train , but they 're great companions once you get past it
i used to hate wearing them . i was very uncomfortable in my body as a young woman , and hated clothes that drew attention to me . was forced to wear one on holidays and pose for pictures . where my looks were often criticized by family members . ( yeah , it was wildly inappropriate and tore down my confidence before it could form ) however , nowadays i * love * them . bought one on my own terms at 20 - when i went proper clothes shopping for the first time in my life . in the spirit of new experiences , i tried on a dress my housemate suggested . it 's perhaps the first time i ever felt " pretty " - odd since it fit perfectly . i only wore baggy clothes prior , due to insecurities . but after the dress , i bought some more clothes that fit as well . i 've spent my early 20 ' s making progress on feeling secure in my looks . i 'm still not to a point where i feel beautiful yet . but wearing that simple summer dress every year since then does give me hope i may someday . as do the other dresses i 've bought since then ! here 's to wishing you ladies all the best . you all deserve to feel beautiful and seen . :red_heart: ( as well as the men who lurk on this sub - you do too . )
why telling " no " is so bad ? sometimes when we start with physical touch , kisses etc . i can see she is not really into it or is feeling down . i 'm always telling my partner that if she is not in the mood , i 'm not mad or anything ; she has full right to . we can always cuddle , or do whatever she feels like . my sex drive is higher than hers ( i want sex at least on daily basis ) , although there was longer time when it was very low ...
school
their unconditional love is so comforting .
my career choice
i love dogs - i wish we could get another dog ( our girl passed away a few years back ) but we 're working so many hours these days , it would be fair on the animal .
.. good to know
you were having sex . sex is when two ( or more ) people come together and make a deal-i 'll make you feel good and you make me feel good . your ex did n't care for your pleasure . he used you for dropping his load .
look through their tagged photos
i got to leave work early today , and got home from my 12 hour shift in time to spend 15 minutes with my husband while he was getting ready for his 12 hour shift . its the first time i 've seen him in 4 days , and we 've got another 3 to go before we get to his rdos . when our shifts are this far misaligned ... it 's like living with a ghost . i genuinely hate it .
communication , about everything and anything ! if something bothers you , talk about it . when they do something you like and appreciate , you tell them ! and so on .
you might be allergic to the products you are using rn . in which case changing them is the only thing that can help . also , conditioner has really been a game changer for me . have n't had dandruff is over ten years .
i 'm turning 20 this year and have absolutely no idea what i want to do with my life . i 'm in my second year of uni ( comp sci ) and not even sure i want to do this anymore or pursue anything in this field .
religion too . so much of my childhood religious upbringing was explicitly intended to prepare me for marriage . none of it prepared me to date well , and i was especially unprepared to be single in my 30s . i 've been unlearning a lot of false expectations surrounding relationships
in my country dog owners take their job as dog owners very seriously and no-leash and boundaries has never personally been a problem for me with the owners i 've met . my biggest problem is the poo . way too many of them just do n't pick up the poo , especially in winter . it seems they think they do n't have to cause it 'll just , disappear in the snow or something ? ? and this always leads to spring having a lot of old dog dung around that 's been in the snow , but now the snows melted so it 's wet , and now it 's just gonna lay there until it goes away on it 's own . i 've seen some houses even put up little signs in their front yards reminding people their yard is not a dog loo .
always .
we moved to an apartment after 3 months together . my boyfriend was renting a caravan from his stepdad at the time but got an offer to sell . i was living with my dad for more then a year after my previous failed relationship . it just felt right and were still very happy with this choice today
a man that i am seeing that continues to go against my boundaries and disrespect me
dresses are cooler so i wear them during summer for sure
this post has been removed - we are not a subreddit for personal evaluation , advice , recommendations , or validation . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post
all the time . work . strategy games . sports . i 'm a moody loser , lol , so i cope by winning most of the time .
i moved in with my boyfriend after 4 months . we knew each other from elementary school and reconnected at 19 . we both moved back home and started talking and then dating after a couple weeks of him coming back . i was living with my sister 's family and came to babysit for her . i was n't getting paid . because we started dating we were staying at each other 's house pretty often . he was starting with his parents . he saw how i was being treated - taken advantage of at my sisters and no room . i shared with my 12 year old nephew but mostly slept on the couch . so when he got his studio apartment he mentioned if i wanted to get a paying job and split expenses i could move in with him . so 4months into it we did . we are married and have been together now 12 years , so best decision ! looking back sometimes i 'm like what was i thinking ! haha
i am a cat person but dogs are awesome and maybe one day i 'll get one if i feel up to the challenge . i think they smell great , and i specifically love the feeling of putting my hand on their " forehead / eyebrow area " ( ? ) , there 's just something about the way their heads are shaped that feels nice .
depends on the type and extent of the damage . i suggest asking / r / bookbinding
for me it was the opposite . my mom was the same , ultra-religious and criticized any skin showing . so i rebelled and dressed very very revealing ( think trashy clubbing dresses and four inch heels - can't pull the dress down because it 's strapless , but want to pull it down cause you can almost see my butt ) . naturally , that attracted the worst guys , and i did n't know how to weed out the bad ones . i 've evened out now in my 20s , and found a guy who treats me with the respect we all deserve .
switched to mellow hippie shampoo and it vanished . all the various products i used ( salicylic acid , coal tar , etc ) might treat the symptoms but it 'd always just come back even worse . i switched to a mild soap nut shampoo and it went away after a decade of heavy dandruff - now i use a different mild shampoo bar ( earthling co ) with no issues .
or it could be that she had a higher sex drive than him ? i never understand why men think that it 's ok to come here and completely invalidate experiences . like dude noone actually cares and like i guess i 'm sorry about that for you but do n't take it out on random women online .
make him earn it .. but make sure he gets his just desert as well . not as often as he would like ... but better when it does come round .
if she did tell people - their primary reaction would be “ this girl is fucking rude and mean ” . tell her to do whatever she wants - she 's pathetic for threatening such a thing and others will know that too .
why ?
dump her !
this was my dream job for years and years , i just wanted to be able to travel as much as possible so bad . but i never hear good stories , especially when starting out . and as i got older i started valuing work / life balance more and actually being able to sleep in my own bed . it 's definitely a romanticized lifestyle . you also have to live in a hub , which is usually a very expensive city . so you either have to have roommates or be lucky enough to already live in a big city and be able to make rent ... which seems pointless because you 're gone most of the time .
the only person i 'd trust with them would be my husband , and he is n't into that type of thing . so no nudes for me !
what she says does n't matter anyways
getting mad at people you care about just because you 're sad , hurt or whatever and do n't know how to handle the feeling . this is an unfair behavior .
perfection :OK_hand:
side bangs
i would n't keep any non-family member like that in my life , or put up with those problematic behaviours from anyone else . just because they are family does not make them entitled to my time or free from consequences .
always comparing their kids as if life is nothing but a competition . thank god my mom is n't like the rest of her family .
i 've always wanted to meet a female pilot ! i 'm scared of flying , so always want to speak to pilots at the airport , but they 're always men . thank you for doing your job to move people safely ! ! !
why do you care ?
blonde
church in the mornings , then ( usually ) have the afternoon off . though i 'll use it to prepare myself for the week ahead .
i was coming to this post to say there are no circumstances under which i 'd send nudes , but you have made me reconsider ! not that anyone would pay $ 10k a month for my nudes , but if they would ...
using religion as a means to control children .
that 's awesome ! ! i 've met a bunch of super lovely people on there from all over the world that i really hope i 'm friends with for a while
break up with her ... nobody needs that drama in life
video games , bit of gardening .
huge clothing / beauty hauls . i 'm materialistic and enjoy nice things - but how could you enjoy any of the things you buy when you 've bought more clothes than you could physically wear before they go out of trend ?
my husband and i usually go to church together but he 's at home still in quarantine due to covid so it 's just me today , i 'm going to church and then sundays are our grocery shopping day so i 'm going grocery shopping and then get some of my work done since i work from home
randy orton . good god that man is hot . i also used to have a huge crush on shawn michaels when i was a teenager .
there is paleo-artists though ;)
blue jay
i dont like friends but i still think its funny how random it is that one of them is a paleontologist . like of all the jobs a character in a sitcom could have its oddly specific
using the “ let nobody dim your light / do n't apologise for taking up space / is she rude or are you just intimidated ? ” - affirmation to just be a bitch . i 'm all for women unlearning the knee-jerk reaction to apologise for having an opinion but it does n't mean you can go around being an asshole . questioning what is perceived as rudeness in women is not the same as spouting unnecessarily mean / derogatory words everywhere and to anyone under the guise of “ i 'm just speaking my mind and you 're intimidated ” . no , you 're being mean , there 's a difference .
my grandfather was a successful architect in his country and owned his own firm . i really wanted to go into architecture , shadowed someone in high school who obviously hated his job and that changed my mind . my husband best friend from high school is an architect , he went academia , but was bring paid so poorly , he switched over to government . he hates it but said he needed to provide for his family . basically he says he 's now , " the building police . " so he enforces building code . he is very talented , and of course explained that as a student you think you 're going to get to design all these great buildings , but those jobs are hard to come by .
twenty years ago , i was the one cut out . my dad 's youngest sister decided to throw my dad a surprise retirement party . i started getting calls from various family members about the party ... i knew nothing about it . i called my aunt and she was highly upset that i was living with her step daughter 's ex-husband . we 'd been together four years but had not gone public though it was n't a secret . the important people knew . so between my aunt and her step daughter they drug me through the mud . basically , very few relatives speak to me . just the other day one of my aunts asked my mom for my number . mom called me to ask permission first . i said , “ no ! ” ignore me for 20 years and now you want to chat ? ah ... no .
sleep . clean . school uniforms . be with the kids . walk . read . all that fun motherhood stuff .
but why is there moral value attached to eating ? does eating unhealthy make you a bad person and healthy a good person ? just because you value healthiness does n't mean others have to share that value ? i think if we are going to be body positive we can't say we only believe in it at certain times and for certain people / behaviours . some people say they 're body positive but only if someone is thin and has thing like stretch marks and cellulite . that 's not body positivity .
i know i 'll get shit for this , but for me it 's the normalisation of prostitution . all of the only fans , hyper sexual stuff is just so problematic . the idea that a woman is a “ girl boss ” if she sells her body to random creepers on the internet is so sad . it 's not empowering , it 's degrading . there is also a very thin line between selling nudes and crossing over into porn and sex work . people are also unaware of the close links to organised crime as well . i 've worked women who were trafficked and the entire industry is horrific . many young girls get groomed via instagram and are sold this bs lie that it 's sexy and fun to sell nudes or masturbation videos . but it 's also an industry that 's ripe for exploitation too . many of the cam girls are dealing with serious mental health problems , addiction or come from abusive families and violent or traumatic situations . often they 'll get blackmailed if they try to escape or leave for a different job . i 've also worked with young girls who get themselves into so much debt due to trying to afford all the plastic surgery to “ enhance their career ” . lip fillers , nose jobs , butt jobs etc . it 's awful . they want to be like the insta models they see , without realising how so much is just filters anyway .
skiing . i live in sweden . should n't have to say more ...
on top of the refrigerator . it 's a habit i just can't seem to break ! i have to find a better place . :)
it 's fun , and if you trust the person it feels safe enough .
caramelldansen
vet technician , think i 'd just cry all the time lol
laundry , depending on the weather .
i wanted to be a midwife for some reason . glad i ended up as a 1st grade teacher instead :speak-no-evil_monkey:
completely justified behavior if you ask me , seeing how we treat them
was never a fan of canary yellow .
me too ! i decided to be a doctor instead . very little difference , but i 'm glad i did . ive seen people cut up in many different ways and i do n't think i have the stregnth to see a dog , cat or literally any animal like that . i think i 'm empathise a little too much with sick animals . humans are fine tho lol
not believing in mental illnesses
how do you do this ? random strangers over the internet or a specific platform like onlyfans ?
sure . a little flirtation is fun i think . i try not to take that kind of thing too seriously . :)
i have heard some horrible stories about what it takes to become an archaeologist . i never wanted to be one , but after hearing someone who was in the field talk about it , no way would i want anything to do with it .
same . the way teachers are paid here , i would 've been dirt poor right now .
anything to work for an airline . my family mostly wanted discounted flights since we always fly around for family stuff but i 'm glad i did n't pursue it especially what happened with covid .
i used to want to be a psychologist until my life became more stable and i had no more patience for the friends that were depressed and unhappy and somehow were determined to remain that way . i love to help people get better but they have to want to get better , which i often find unlikely .
same . learned i can't handle blood .
yes i appreciate that . i 'm just curious about where the person has come from
sleeping ... watching
thank you for your insights . that does really help :purple_heart:
nice fitted clothes
consider an allied health field such as nutrition ot , or pt especially in an outpatient setting . you 're shielded from a lot of the stress , heartbreak and death in areas that cater to the living and the recovering .
depends on the airline . most you do n't have to , but there are some where you do . they tend to be the nicer ones - i 'm pretty sure emirates is one of them .
orange
i have a university degree in japanese and international communication . currently i 'm pursuing an education as an event coordinator .
full disclosure - i 'm not a woman . but , our daughter was thinking of being a nurse . after doing a student stint shadowing a floor nurse , she quickly changed majors . her reasoning ( very valid ) was that you only dealt with sick , cranky people who all thought their particular needs were top priority . there was a code on the floor and when it was taken care of , she faced an irate patient who had " been buzzing for 30 minutes " for someone to pick up the tv remote from the floor and get her a glass of water . big salute and thank you to those who choose to serve !
i will keep that in mind . my mom 's a teacher too . she teaches adults n she 's had her bad days . but she does recommend it for someone looking for a more flexible lifestyle ( this is if you teach in a good uni n deal with adult students )
i just did a lil ' snoopy dance when i read you 're a pilot because i 've always wanted to ask if your view of the night sky at a very high altitude is amazing . i 've seen a lot of awesome videos , but camera lenses and the human eye see things differently . is there still a lot of light pollution at 35k feet ? or is it lovely and dark ?
dec 29th . i just finished my quarantine of 10 days . but still no taste or smell .
blatant and shameless misogyny . if i ever have a daughter , i certainly will not treat her the way i have been treated .
go to church , get some lunch / walk arouns , and cuddle with my dog .
have more conversations about boundaries and things you are and are not comfortable with , from both parties . give each other space and time alone when needed . you are still your own person even in a relationship , you have your own life . your money is not their money and their money is not your money either . decide what is important and what is n't , in all aspects of the relationship . these are things that i did not see in my parent 's relationship or in the relationships my mother had after my parents separated . ( yes , i am aware my mother is toxic , lol . )
she 's expressed wanting to work at a nonprofit , possibly something environmental . obviously it would mean a lot less money though , which does n't help the debt situation , so i think she feels stuck where she 's at for the time being :/ the long term plan is definitely to get out of the law firms though ! ( she hates billable hours with an unholy passion lol . )
same . i am in the wrong profession .
because " true " love works but unfortunately people use it 's power to deceive , manipulate , control , and hurt people . love can heal , love can bring joy to someone , and love can guide you . real love finds you ; you do n't find it , and you do n't feel it ; you experience it .
one of my favorite movies ! it still gets me in gut every time i watch it .
someone eating too loud , when someone tries to hard to be funny & looks around to see if everyone else is laughing , no parking spaces , people who barge past others . to name a few :face_with_tears_of_joy:
i recommend the song “ do n't be a lawyer ” from crazy exgirlfriend
i saw the same cycles repeating again and again in my family . we 're talking generational cycles of putting up with male entitlement , abuse and neglect . from my great-grandmother to my mother . so i said buh-bye to the perpetrators and chose differently for myself . it 's going well so far .
teacher . turns out , getting into massive debt to work long days dealing with trashy parents and their undisciplined spawn is a horrible idea and i do n't want it .
because i want to tease my husband when he 's at work
writer . it 's a hobby and an escape . figuring that since i love writing as a hobby , i thought i really wanted to be a writer . i even started freelancing . i have since learned that hobbies are an escape from your regular work , and should not become work . you start detesting it . i have since stopped writing commercially .
omg same
wo n't happen to me but i see your point . do what you can to invest in your social skills now . it will pay off later , guaranteed . either you 'll have friends who will love you or you will end up having a very easy time making new ones even when you 're old . my grandparents were almost all divorced and preferred to live alone bc they liked being able to chill with friends whenever they wanted to .
i was kind of aware my family are douchebags my entire life , but i did n't realize how it affected me until i got a good book recommendation from a shrink and learned emotional and verbal abuse were things . i thought only physical abuse was abuse .
pastry chef . i love doing it as a hobby , when i can make what i want , instead of having to follow orders .
braiding my hair
i 'm not who you 're relying to but i did the same thing with med school plans and such . i went back to cooking professionally and put as much effort into that as i did succeeding in pre-med , it 's worked out very well for me 10 years later .
but alcohol addiction looks the same everywhere
whoever is leaving for work in the morning kisses the other still in bed three times , then once on the cheek , once on the forehead , and then three more times . i do n't even know how it started , but now we have to !
your comment has been removed : gendered slurs are strictly scrutinized ; please see our [ gendered slurs policy guide . ] ( HTTPURL ) if you edit your comment , let us know and it may be reinstated . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + comment \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
cop
to walk over one of those scary wood bridges that you see in all the movies where the characters go in hikes
i agree , and for similar reasons i would n't go turquoise either . i helped my ex gf bleach and then dye hers a beautiful shade of turquoise . it looked amazing for about 2 weeks until it faded to a horrible shade of pale sickly green . she eventually got it back to blonde but i 'd tease her constantly by looking really closely at it and saying " is that a bit of green ? "
love ... fleabag
haha i know but some do take it seriously ( posting their text chats with someone , obviously manipulating / gaslighting them ) with that caption :skull:
i studied graphic design + communication design . i now work in a luxury furniture company in sales and project management . lol whoops
i was surprised at how far down this response was . i wanted to teach when i was younger and i 'm so glad i did n't , with the current expectations , working conditions , and salary ranges . totally not worth it .
same . i ended up in allied health instead and it 's a much better fit for my other life goals than spending an extra 8 years in school and residency .
i graduated with a degree in psychology and initially wanted to be a psychologist , ended up in project management for a cro , and was going to start my master 's in biostatistics this month so i could transition to the science / stats department of another cro but just found out i 'm pregnant so it 's just pm for now
my mom was in a very violent and toxic relationship i was around 10 years old and she had just found out her dad was dying in england ( our birth place ) and she was trying to organize getting flights back to england to say goodbye . they of course were drinking alot then started arguing , it resulted in things getting smashed and somehow her right wrist slashed just missing her main vein , mom been drunk did n't realise how serious it was . the paramedics woke me up to the get me to make her go to hospital simce my brot her refused to help instead yelled out tell the pigs to fuck off . the real kicker was it was my dad 's weekend to have me but he refused to get me clothes from mom 's ( she lived 30 mins in another town ) and he refused to buy me new clothes as i was only there for 2 days , so while he and my brother went about their weekend i was stuck inside in my pj 's .
if i 'm in a relationship , trustworthy relationship , then i might consider .
your submission has been removed : surveys or personal / market / academic research are not permitted . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + submission \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
is it ? i feel like groups do this alot in bars or casual outings and that 's some of the reason for going . no one 's necessarily looking to find a true dating situation .
i just realized we were not meant to be in each other 's lives . l realized i do n't need my fathers approval anymore . i 'm not gonna beg him to be in my life or take care of me . i will be civil to him only when society dictates that we must meet . otherwise “ dada ” in this lifetime , it 's done .
your submission has been removed : titles must be descriptive and open-ended questions . yes / no , either / or , dae ( does anyone else ) and option list questions are not open-ended . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + submission \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
so much to unpack here . so many red flags .
hello theconfusedonee . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i have a weird relationship with makeup . i use to wear eyeliner in highschool . one day i got a stye , and the medicine was n't helping . it was like glass scraping across my eyelid every time i 'd blink . fast-forward and the eye doctor told me i had an eye infection that needed surgery . i was bought into a surgical room.the doctor stuckba needle 4 inches long and stuck it in my bottom lid directly under the infection . i felt my whole left side of my face go numb . he then proceeded to flip my eyelid inside out and cut the bump open . it 's just like the movies . he had to burn it close and let 's just say i looked like i got jumped for almost a month . i was told i have an allergy to some products . that was 2012 , ive tried eyeliner and mascara since , but my eyes immediately start to itch beyond belief .
thanks for sharing :)
i can't walk past a group of people without thinking they are talking about me / insulting me . i have a hard time making friends . i do n't have many friends . i do n't go out . and i do n't care if i lose friends . that does n't affect me anymore .
this is wild
my armpits . :/
i am right there with you in so many ways .
came here to say this . we unpack the baggage when either one of us gets those intrusive thoughts and feel better after . communication is more than " what do you want for lunch " .
i was only in labor for about a hour and a half . this was for my second so by the time i got to the hospital i was unable to get anything for pain which was not at all what i wanted . i have no idea how people do it with how long most people are in labor . i was told to stop screaming by the nurses as the student doctor delivered my son . it was the worst pain ever but after a couple of hours i was in less pain over all then i was from my first . the epidural really left me feeling strange and i really puffed up form it . i still do n't know if i could do it again without pain medication .
your submission has been removed because your title does not include a question mark . please ensure your title is properly formatted to be a descriptive , open-ended question . if you think you have received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for lacking a question mark " & message =) . thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
growing up , my mom would n't leave the house until she had her makeup on . even if she was coming right back and no one would see her , she had to put it on before we left . she made us late to school because of it sometimes . so growing up , i did n't want anything to do with it . when i hit peak angst , i wanted eyeliner . she said blondes can only wear brown eyeliner , no black . she took me to a merle norman and had me pick out “ young ladies makeup ” . never used it . now that i 'm all grown up , i usually do n't wear any makeup in my day to day . i dress very nicely for work , but i do n't mess with my face . sometimes , if i 'm going out with my partner , i 'll throw on some light foundation if i 'm looking blotchy . every once in a while i do winged eyeliner and mascara to dress up a look . it 's just not my normal . i like my bare face , even though i 'm a little insecure about it . i have big pores , acne scars , dark circles , and forehead lines . but that 's my face , so that 's my face !
i 'm going to be honest--i 'm not entirely sure what this means .
this one did a number on me . all these years later , feeling guilty after a good meal is a toxic habit that i 'm still trying to break .
lol ... that 's the only thing i can say about my existence rn .
no i understand . the way people treat women with large chests needs to be looked into because people will say anything to you
sunscreen is the best anti-aging skin product . anyone can fight me on that but i know i 'm right ! !
yes i agree ! i more so was asking in case i have forgotten a few . i have already had a few of the main discussions and know where we stand . just did n't know if i 've forgotten any
i got pregnant irresponsibly at 19 . me and the " dad " agreed that it would be in the best interest of everyone to not have the baby . at the appt found out that it was twins . we had a minor discussion to make sure we were still both ok with the decision . it was fairly quick . after wards i felt a bit of discomfort but nothing more then cramps . mentally i feel at peace . i knew bringing 2 children into this world was n't the right decision at that time .
i was 13 and knew it for sure , he ended up disappearing for 6 years and when he resurfaced i was just a couple months into dating my now fiancé . i wish i would have told him just so he knew but it is what it is . i have n't heard from him in 4 years now and only god knows where he is now . i still think about him occasionally and hope he 's happy with life
this causes me me so much anguish to read . i was n't aware of this sick practice .
aww yaya congrats ! !
ooohhh i do n't like that at all .
existing
i used to work retail , and whenever i was in the window display changing the mannequins dudes would always stop and watch in a creepy way . like me undressing mannequins was like me undressing myself somehow .
if someone in your life is regularly inconsistent and / or untrustworthy , do n't make excuses for them . even if they have a good reason for behaving that way , it helps no one to get stuck in that chaos .
funny how some people find each other and go through hell together .
he brings me coffee when my alarm goes off every day . just a sweet little gesture . makes me feel happy and secure .
nobody taught me this but i did it all the time as a kid because i thought everyone who looked at me were grossed out by how fat i was ( i was literally not even remotely fat back then )
no longer term effects and no regrets . happily partner now with a baby on the way .
reddit :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
i can so relate to this ! i hate voice calls . i prefer texting .
struggling . tired , lack of motivation , sad ... feels like life is passing me by sometimes .
pardon ? ?
i hope you 'll seek help if you need it ! you are loved .
after crying face ? ? ? what is wrong with people ?
not being able to provide for my kids . my fiancé and i both work full time and we still only make a combined 39,000 a year if it was a good year . we are 23 and 29 and will never be able to afford to buy a house for our kids to grow up in , and we can't even afford a car and car insurance on top of rent and bills to get our kids around . i feel such shit about it but i 'm literally doing the best i can and it 's not going to be good enough :disappointed_face:
to be fair this one just depends on your hair . for some people it 's fine to wash every day , for some it really messes with their hair . it depends on how long your hair is , what type , and how fast your skin makes oil . so everyone should just do what works for them .
if i 'm feeling healthy and able enough to stand ( not always a given for me , because chronic health issues plus horrible cramps sometimes during periods ) , i would definitely give up my seat for any elderly , pregnant , injured person or a person carrying a baby / toddler too . as for why , just courtesy i guess . i grew up in an asian country , and have done this and seen it being done a lot . also back at home , if i can not stand , i 'd offer to hold their groceries / book bags / even though toddlers . i 've also had people carry my book bags once i 've given my seat to them . i do n't know if this part is common in the west and hence will not be comfortable offering that .
k
i 'm barely holding onto my 1/2 hours of sleep a night , so existence is feeling wobbly and exhausting . there 's a lot going on so i 'm going to ignore all of it and read my book ( which will make everything a lot better i think ! ) :thumbs_up:
used to be the same way . but my acne went away after i stopped smoking . :confused_face:
peeing . my ex followed me into a bathroom and refused leave no matter how much i begged him . i basically had to pee in front of him but i made him turn around . still haunts me .
i relate .
i can't handle any pain when it 's related to my sexual organs , i freeze up and want to vomit . and normally i 'm totally fine with pain , blood does n't bother me . anything related to my uterus i instantly start shaking at the thought
hello puppiesandsunshine . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
on a day of go for a walk , in a nature reserve or walking trail . somewhere with a bit of nature . a bit of silence and being able to look far , like a view , will help you feel a bit better .
pregnancy . 2 different people had asked me to take photos for them when i was pregnant ( one close friend one barely an acquaintance )
growing up in the south in the early 2000s i was always judged by whites passively . if anything it made me change myself to fit in . all in all , if i felt more connected and supported maybe i would have been my calm and trusting of others .
looking down the street to see how far my dad was gonna snowblow only to shoot to my mom that he was on the ground . then panic of bring told to call 911 not knowing what was happening . he was dead a customer freaked out and threatened to kill me and my asst mngr while we were over the masks . legit yelling about not taking prisoners and watching us choke on our own blood . was a passenger in a car that took a corner too fast , lost control , and hit a tree hard enough to deploy airbags . i 've also blacked out and hit the ground in public , twice . my unplanned c-section scared me too honestly . first surgery eve #damnnatureyouscary
my hair / race , i 'm biracial so it 's big and curly . i was told i have “ bed hair ” and my eyes ... also told i have “ fuck me eyes ” of course only by men .
your comment has been removed because : your karma is too low to participate on askwomen . you will be able to participate when your karma has increased . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i could have written this myself . i feel like being in a global pandemic for going on three years is really making a lot of people struggle mentally .
he lied through his teeth . long story short the ex i 'm speaking about , ( we will call him a ) we had met through the dating section of an app called bumble , and we hit it off so we met up and started dating , and while we were dating we had a lot of fun and everything was going well , and i eventually learned he had a disability which he took meds to manage . no big deal i was n't concerned because as far as i knew he was taking his meds . nope . after just 4 months of dating i broke up with him because he lied to me , my parents , his parents , and all of his friends . i have an old friend ( we will call her s ) s had fallen onto the wrong path when we graduated high school , and i had n't had much contact with her but . one day out of the blue i get a phone call from a 's mom hysterically crying begging me to tell her he was with me . he was n't . we talked for a bit and i told her just to wait ( she was ready to call the cops ) and i would try and cal him and see what 's going on . i call him and my old friend picks up . i 'm shocked and pissed now so i tell her to give him the phone now , she does and i lose it on him . not only had he lied to his mom about where he was , i had found out that he had left home 3 days before she called me , without his car keys , without his wallet and without his meds . so he 'd been completely gone for 3 days and when we finally stopped screaming at each other , he bought out the “ kms ” card . ended up having to call the police to go and get him and he ended up going to a facility and i have n't heard from any of them since .
to never shave my legs or pluck because it 'll make my hair grow back thicker , so it was fun at age 12 being forced to use hot wax because i was n't allowed to shave lol
i think about this a lot . i feel bad for y'all because i see the way guys lose their mind whenever a girl can ride a horse :face_with_rolling_eyes: it 's disgusting . like just let people enjoy their passions without making it weird
i spend every day enduring life . i hate it
:loudly_crying_face:
yes absolutely
that 's creepy .
lemon drops .
i could vomit .
that 's good to hear ! it 's what i plan on doing , start as a technician then move on to the ba ! thank you for sharing , that helps a lot with motivation .
for being “ not too dark ” :neutral_face:
smile , chat because i 'm not a stuck up person . these people i trying to start a conversation because it 's their job and all you have to do is laugh causally , say it 's good and smile and go on about your day .
that 's weird af .
this one is way less insidious than the others in this thread but “ pink eyeshadow will make you look sick ” . not if you match your undertones ! justice for pink eyeshadow 2022
same here ! terrible cystic acne my entire life , but pregnancy cleared it up entirely and it has n't gone back . unfortunately it 's not one of those things you can recommend that people just try ! also , i hated the constant unsolicited advice , it made me feel so self conscious
my mouth dropped . i truly can not fathom that coming out of someone 's mouth .
neighbor lady told a 12f year old me that baby oil and iodine would give me the best tan ever , then proceeded to show me her tan lines . virgin snow white skin against a leathery mahogany colored tan . she asked about my tan . told her i use sunblock and i 'm native american .
running my hands through my hair when i was crying
well im allergic to it . even the smell triggers a migraine . and the pollen . ive even had mild reactions to hemp products . so its a dealbreaker for me .
“ period blood is good moisturiser ”
for not having a partner . yes , this was from my parents . i am not even 20 yet .
lol same . then my mom went " people will tell you not to pop zits . the truth is , you have to pop them the * right * way " and told me all sorts of good tips for how she dealt with them . idk if there 's a universal right answer but i appreciated the advice !
not eating breakfast and not eating after 6pm would get me to lose weight quicker ( i was already thin , i was just curvy ) . lmao guess who had fainting spells and still struggles with an ed ?
edibles . ngl , i love to take about 15mg , watch lord of the rings and call everything in it “ sexist . ” or turn on “ mac and me ” and laugh my ass off for an hour and a half .
we played together when we were little , then grew apart around middle school . we 've become a bit less distant recently , in our late 20s . we have some very different values , and he 's not someone who i 'd choose as a friend if we were n't related , but we are able to have some enjoyable interactions . we are able to connect with each other in ways we do n't connect with our parents due to generational differences . we 're surprisingly alike in some ways ( for example , we have a lot of the same speech habits or turns of phrase even though we do n't talk to each other very often ) , but very different in other ways .
not good . my heart hurts and i want to make it stop but my depression is eating me alive . i still have hope that good times are coming ... but then i feel like i should be working on my dreams more and towards those good things but most days are a struggle to stay alive . i 'll get there . not sure when but i will .
i always give my seat up unless i 'm physically unable to for some reason .
what ? ? ?
removing hair does n't make it grow back darker or thicker though . that 's a myth . ( not saying that 's what you meant , or trying to invalidate your experience , just if anyone who shaves / waxes their face was reading this and got worried , i want to put them at ease . )
jamie . 1st grade . she thought i was r - - - because i wore hearing aids due to partial deafness . ya . not fun .
do n't know if it 's weird but i 'm a nurse ... think seinfeld
self-medicated for what and how often ? if it 's a mental illness , we should n't be together .
i think some people 's skin heals way better from this - - i 'm the same way . i have had small scars that i thought would be permanent ( not from acne ) and they 've all slowly faded . at least one part of my body is good at healing :p
i used to work with an 80 year old woman with great skin and she used to say she only used vaseline . i thought she meant the lotion at the time but now i dunno
not trying harder in college and going to university ( uk ) to become a midwife
> but gender still exists and i do n't see anything wrong with celebrating gender . yeah , but it 's more a sex reveal than a gender reveal .
being raised by a single mother who never left me with someone she did n't know , who taught me right from wrong , who did everything she could to take care of and look after me . my mom .
having “ childlike ” ears :nauseated_face:
i gave birth three times without pain relief . if i could i 'd go back to the hospital and ask for three doses of pain relief right now !
:face_vomiting: :face_vomiting: :face_vomiting:
i do n't care or even acknowledge it u less he does . sometimes i 'll comment " i did n't know we had a duck " or " wow , guess a frog snuck in here " . then we snicker at my horrible jokes .
that waxing was a good idea when the hairs on your legs grow in . hairs stayed put and my legs were blue for weeks fml .
you can sand the acne off !
i was 18 , driving to pick up my boyfriend from a party , and this party was a couple kilometers out of town in a rural area . i approach a secondary highway as someone else does at the same time , we both have stop signs , neither of us are signalling , and no cars are coming . so , it 's safe for us to go at the same time . except he was turning left . so we both ended up swerving , managed to avoid colliding , i thought " phew " but then was positioned awkward and now basically had to turn right . no problem , i 'll turn around next intersection . but then this dude road rages out and starts tailgating me , flashing his high beams , generally being threatening . so i drove into the neighboring town . because i was 18 , panicking , and stupid , i drove into the first building with lights ( a gas station ) instead of the police station and ended up in a fight with the guy . well , it would have been a fight , but thankfully ( for me at least ) , he was very drunk and could barely even stand . he took one very slow , very laborious swing at me , i grabbed his head and slammed it into his truck , got back into my car before he could collect himself and drove off . i was so shaken up that i was driving quite erratically ( without me noticing - again , 18 and panicked ) and got pulled over for it . the officer at first thought i was drunk but gave me a breathalyzer and then concluded i was having a panic attack and told me to stay parked until i calmed down enough to drive .
never have done it , never will . have trauma related to smoking - abuse as well as witnessing and being blamed for miscarriages as a small child . would never even consider dating a smoker , have no sympathy when a smoker gets lung cancer . almost ended a relationship over finding out a partner used chew tobacco , months previously . ditched friends in high school if i found out they had smoked cigarettes . cigars i also relate to trauma . herbs though , i have no issues with , just can't myself becuase negative side effects .
hhaha i love this
" i am sorry for having an opinion "
it hurts . i often feel as though they lied about just wanting to be friends , however , it may just be that they developed feelings . i can get it but 🤷‍♀ still kinda sucks
spooky ! there was a white lady in the ruins of the old abbey where i used to live . lots of ghosts around there - my grandad once saw a monk sat in the back of his car when he was driving through . although ... my brothers did used to steal my mums best white sheets and run through the abbey at night .. so maybe they were the ghosts
text message “ either you 're dead or ignoring me , i hope for my sake it 's the former ” .
did he go to jail ?
noooo
i always dated people older than me , because i enjoyed maturity and intelligence . now that i 'm a bit older , i would date someone younger , if i 'm ever single again , because i would enjoy their enthusiasm for life .
i usually do n't . they often do n't care enough to try .
i 'll take this answer .
i rather be a priority not an option . jealousy is insecurity and it does n't change anything . a liar is gonna lie no matter your behavior . worrying about something does n't change the outcome in all areas of life .
“ you 'll be okay . i know everything is changing , but it 's for the better . it 's okay to cry , even though they tell you it is n't . things around you may not get better for a while , but things will change inside of you , and that 's a good thing . do n't ever forget your humanity , and never stop striving to become the best version of yourself . you 're a good kid , so please do n't let yourself change . even when people try to tear you down , do n't lose , and never stop being kind . i hope the world will be kind to us soon , but until then , keep your head up , okay ? ”
he choked a girl till she passed out and he was kinda proud of that . yeah .
not a male " friend " per se , since my actual guy friends are great . but a male acquaintance said he enjoyed hurting women emotionally and knowing they liked him so he could then take advantage of their feelings and do what he wanted . this was n't verbatim but i 'm summarizing the general intent . this is something most women are probably aware of , but it was shocking how unashamed he was in just saying it out loud .
that has happened to me . not the warning part . i will never trust a man . ever .
you 're still gonna act like a child :face_with_tears_of_joy:
your boobs will never grow and the older you get the happier that will make you ! !
it quite literally feels like taking a reverse shit . it starts by giving you that stomach pain that warns you that you have to take a dump asap followed by the relief you get right after you take said dump . repeat . there is absolutely nothing i like about any of that . i 'm all set !
your submission has been removed because this question contains a post title or topic that is already active or commonly discussed . we are not accepting any new submissions regarding this post / topic this time so please search the subreddit using keywords before reposting . you can view our faq [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) or search the subreddit . you can always go to r / findareddit to find the right place for your post . if you think you received this message in error , link your post & please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was auto-removed for asking for asking about a commonly asked subject . " & message =) . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
did n't get a dime after i turned 18 . sooo everything
maybe this one is not the most crazy one but still . we are not friends anymore but we was 11-12 years old and i know now that he was into me but i didnt know it back then . well he told me " everything that will make me more pretty then i already am " ( surgery , other hair colors etc ) . i hated this and when i ended the friendsship was he " heartbroken " and later he tried to make me jealous of faking that he was in love with a girl who didnt attend classes , always had makeup and had changed classes because " she was bullied " and had reported her " bully " to the police . to be honest i feel bad for his future girlfriends because he 's an asshole and i just get really bad vibes from him .
if you did do it , and edited that part out , please forgive yourself . that is the nature of cocaine . it did not reduce your value as a person .
i like to treat men like a casual and temporary fling . just stay detached and realize nobody is your possession and this person can leave your life at any moment
idk what music this is but if i vibe then i vibe
it sounds like he was ready to leave her company or presence and no longer be friends or communicate , but because he has n't slept with her yet , she “ still has value ” or still has a chance for him to stick around .
thank you for the kind words . therapy has been a blessing
if it 's been a while and you have n't met anyone that fits your criteria who wanted to be with you then it is time to review your criteria .
that 's awesome lol , i still rlllllllly think u should share ur passion for bears , not only is it interesting but the wording and enthusiasm makes it enjoyable to read . i never even read posts that have more then a line or two , but i can't stop reading this lol . u rlly do have a talent for this
hello , / u / sr369 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as answers to common or recently asked questions can be found in the faq or through the search bar . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
fool me once shame on you , fool me twice shame on me .
hello , / u / stressedtothemax 99 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed for seeking advice about a specific person or personal situation . r / askwomen is about receiving answers from the community about their own opinions and experiences rather than seeking input on specific personal situations . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
hello , / u / lordanity , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as answers to common or recently asked questions can be found in the faq or through the search bar . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
student loan
wait a minute , you mean people arent supposed to put things in my butt when i play jenga ? ! ? !
thanks for the submission :grinning_face:
first , i tell family to kindly fuck off when they get to talking like that . it 's harmful to casually go after people 's appearances and they need to know that . older generations especially may not realize what they 're doing is bad , but if you 're important to them they 'll try not to do it and will think about what they said and why they felt the need to say it out loud . second , i do what i can to keep my body healthy and feeling strong because that 's how i feel my best . it 's never going to fit some ultimate standard of beauty , but that does n't matter to me . i realize the vast majority of people do not fit these beauty standards ; often , the people who portray / push these standards do not fit them naturally , or at all . what we see in media is heavily edited . the people who actually look incredible usually have to put a great deal of time / work into it , and i 'm simply not interested enough in that to give up my junk food and spend hours every day working out . other people looking great does n't make me unattractive . it 's okay to just decide you 're good enough .
its not smt i can't accept but rather am thinking if its really ok . my bf and i are talking about stuff we can try iin our sex life and he once said he would like to try and offer me oral sex . i am willing to get this but i feel like its as wrong as anal sex
what do you consider an " older woman " ? i 'm 42 , currently in the dating pool . i get a lot of interest from younger men , and i 've also had experience with older men . my personal preference would be 37 to 45 window .
they never had money . neither do i . they 're in debt , and i 'm debt ( mostly medical because horsy america ) . basically nobody in my family really gets to pay many things off at all because we all live in poverty .
:flushed_face:
i love it , my partner loves it . i 'm highly submissive , so serving / pleasing someone else turns me on
i remember being jealous when i was in my early 20 ' s . i think it 's pretty normal to feel a little insecure , but jealousy is kind of like taking your own insecurities and blaming it on someone else . it helps to realize that jealousy is your responsibility ( along with your other emotions , for that matter ) , and it generally does n't achieve anything other than making yourself miserable ( and in some cases , making the person you 're with miserable too ) . in some cases , jealousy is warranted , though . if your partner is constantly texting with someone else while you 're out to dinner , jealousy is a totally fair response . unless it 's an emergency , it shows that your partner does n't respect you or your time . in this case i would definitely bring those concerns up .
i don't
that when we became friends he thought that there was a good chance i would be willing to give him my eggs so our 3 dnas ( his , mine and his long time girlfriends ) could have a baby together and that it would be magical to have our dna mesh together in harmony . we had been friends for 2 years . pretty sure the only reason he was my friend was because , somewhere , deep down he wanted me as a sex-toy or some baby mama for this fantasy he had of having 2 wives . he believed he would one day transition into a woman himself and the 3 of us could live happily ever after ... i have nothing against polygamy , ( i am not interested in that ) but this was his 1st attempt to talk about how we wanted to have kids with his girlfriend ... that is how he did it . * big yikes from me ... * yeah that was an interesting story to reveal to my therapist on why i have trust issues .
i have n't come this far to give up now . when i 'm feeling overwhelmed , it makes me think of all i 've already accomplished !
multiple cars bikes house
he wanted to have aex with me and send me unsolicited dick pics if he did n't think it would ruin our friendship and that when he had sex with his gf he pictured me and though about me . story gets creepier , but yea ... he did n't feel the most safe to be around .
this comment or post has been removed for derailing . derailing includes but is not limited to : - changing the topic from op 's question - making someone else 's response about yourself - asking unrelated follow-up questions - branching into unrelated topics - " what-about " - ism - arguments , slap-fighting , or debating - judging or rating other responses - meta comments about other responses - responding to comments to tell us how your dick feels . no one cares . if you have any questions about this moderation action , please message the moderators through the link on the sidebar or [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , please include a link to the removed content for review .
the shining
burn the witch ! ! !
my old male roommates for six years “ of course we were all thinking about whether we could have sex you , kinda hoping we could join if you brought home a chick one day . ” very diminishing of the years of friendship i thought we had .
generally older . i 'm too old to teach a guy how to fuck . plus , the younger ones have grown up on modern porn too much and have trouble staying erect , expect perfectly shaved parts , and pull out to cum even if they are wearing a condom . what 's with that pulling out thing ?
all of them ...
when we decided to be oposite gender best friends we promised to each other to never get feeling for another . 2 yeard foward we shared basycally everything whit each other and were so confident we even sleept next to each other in underwear when i went at his his place for a sleepover . i am generally a girl who geniously good along whit boys and i am literally the cringiest but funny person they like to spend theyr time whit . 2022 is almost coming and i am finding out many of my male friends have feelings for me . i talked to him about how sad i was bc i can't meet anymore whit the boys since i reject them and i would be literally depressed if one more male friend conffeses to me . we decided to spend the new year at his place which went rlly good but 2 days later he tells me its been almost half a year since he got feeling for me but since he knows i only see him as a friend he just wanted to let go and tell me but hopped we can still be best friends . i was in literal shock and yet decided to forget that bc our friendship meant very much for me . weeks of no talking i text him and we start to talk to each other again but whit akwardness . other 2 weeks later we do n't talk very much and then he sudenly blocked me which affected me very much so that i even got bad grades . another 3 weeks later he calls me and tries too apologies for blocking me but i cound't forgive him even to i wanted to be friends again but i knew i could't . i told him that he makes it for me very dificult and distract me whit the situation a lot . i said i do n't wanna be friends whit him for the moment anymore till i am done whit my exams or he has no more feelings for me . i did n't block him or he me . we just stoped talking to each other or meeting up . its so hurful for having to throw the best friendship i ever had in my life and it still hurts me but i relly have to concentrate on school now more tha ever bc that will decide whether i will continue school or start working .
i become hostile (:
does n't have to be from a friend , just any guy
life is just * better * . people are nicer , men are infinitely nicer , promotions for more frequent , i 'm a lot less bitter when i see an attractive woman on the street , outfits look great with minimum effort , do n't feel uncomfortable at the beach . it 's night and day .
my mom calling me 75 times whenever i go out with my f4iends at night .
someone i used to play wow with sent me a snapchat of cum in their hand saying they could n't get me out of their head and when i told them to go fuck themselves they said " oh relax it 's just water i was just joking "
turning 18 and graduating high school .
hello , / u / throwawaybfmademesad , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this sort of question is not what this subreddit is for . moderators reserve the right to remove posts that are not in the best interest of the community . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
had one of my bosses follow me out behind the restaurant where no one was around , grab my arm and started pulling me twords his van and said " you 're coming with me " he wanted help clearing road kill but my other boss said no she needed me at the kitchen . i yanked my arm away told him no and left , for whatever reason he left it there and laughed like it was supposed to be a joke ...
moved from a smaller town to a big city . i 'm not going to lie it was but still better that living with my mom . even my relationship with her her is better now
hi . i hope that you 're doing okay . nothing in this world is worth taking your own life . i truly hope you can take some deep breaths and show yourself some comfort and love . maybe reach out to a family member , you 're life is worth living and you are strong and can get through anything :white_heart:
water
weed .
sisters ex fiancé told me he wanted to have a 3some with me and my friend . to make it worse , i was 14 ... he was 19 .
lol it 's a trope and honestly i do n't think it 's as flattering as she thinks it is .
instill in your head that what others may say are their own opinions , but what really matters most is how you value yourself . it 's a good attitude to start .
definitely a girls girl . why anyone would be otherwise is beyond me .
it got better once i moved out . it turns out their hearts were in the right place ( more or less ) and they were just ... confused about what was actually good for me . they were n't aware of how their behavior was affecting me and once i learned how to articulate it to them they felt really bad . we had some good talks and they apologized , and i worked through my emotions about it in various ways . now it 's water under the bridge and we can have a good relationship . i do wonder if i still missed out on something , though . i know lots of people who are way closer with their parents and feel a lot more comfortable around them than i do . i wish i had that sometimes . but perhaps if my parents had been different , i would be too ... and i actually really like the way my life turned out . so all is well , all things considered .
every single person can only be one individual person . their own journey with their goods and bad changing , decreasing and increasing . whatever of someone 's self or journey is making you jealous is only their own . we do n't know the entire inside of anyone 's life . there are several attributes of your own self and journey the other individual does not have or will have and that is also fine . we all were written uniquely from the greatest of all writers .
most people do n't change . i 've learned if they give me a reason not to trust them ; i probably should n't in the future
i do n't get jealous . just hurt . then my avoidant side kicks in and i leave . my pain lets me know that i 'm being disrespected and my pride lets me leave .
is this in a romantic context ? i guess i just do n't see the point of being jealous . what 's there to be jealous of when i 'm the one he 's chosen to be with and vice versa ? is it the fear that he 'll go off with someone else ? that can happen any time , there are beautiful people everywhere . if he decides he wants someone else and leaves , good for him for being honest and not stringing me along . if he cheats , he 's not the type of person i 'd want to keep anyway so good riddance . worrying about it is n't going to produce anything useful .
this happened to me about three years ago . i knew he was interested but i also knew that relationships do n't always work out and i cherished his friendship above all else . i liked him as well but could see through the smoke . he got a girlfriend then eventually stop talking to me altogether . i blocked him and he did n't even realize it until a year later . i was hurt about losing his friendship but eventually moved on .
i think it 's because op asked about jealousy , which tends to apply in the romantic context , rather than envy , which tends to apply to a broader one .
i 'm so sorry for everything you 've been through . so glad your supposed friend is n't in your life anymore !
always think that they are no better than you are .
i 'm secure in myself . i also have a lot of trust in my partner so while someone may be hiring on him is amusing to me , it does n't make me jealous . at the end of the day , he 's mine 🤷🏻‍♀
i do n't . if someone has given me a reason not to trust them , i take them at their word and trust is gone entirely .
exercise ! getting into fitness and eating right completely changed my relationship with my body . i now see what it 's capable of and also everyone at the gym has different body types but all look their best . not to mention the side effects of getting more toned and seeing how good you look in the mirror .
if he raped me , would i call the cops on him , knowing that i had a boyfriend and that he had a girlfriend . he also had this urge to get me pregnant because i had mommy vibes .
speak about it ? lord no . do n't have time for that children need tending . got to keep going to work can't rely on anyone but myself .. no one actually gives a fuck if i 'm drowning . so just keep on keeping on . it 'll be better some day . just not today .
love it
i will get to how i feel after i rant a little i befriended a guy ( let 's call him a ) and started to hang out with him , he was cute , but i could n't see him as a lover so we just stayed friends . unbeknownst to me he started to have feelings , we had a lot of fun together , spend the nights with each other but nothing happened . one time i had a birthday party with a couple of friends and met a girl who 's boyfriend is best friends with a , i told her that me and a hang out a lot but there is nothing going on between us so we can hang out all 4 of us at a drink . after 2 weeks or so that girl came to tell me that a told her boyfriend that he indeed is hanging out with me but he is just using me for sex and oh boy i was mad . i knew he was pissed , but the audacity to go to the extent to actually fabricate lies about what was going on between us when i was upfront from the begging is astonishing after that i ghosted him and even tho i missed our friendship , i knew that is better to not give him another chance to make me look bad
i 've had guys tell me this too but more as a warning than anything . like " do n't go near that guy he jokes about rape when it 's just us guys "
today could be the best day
do n't make eye contact .
my dad loaned me $ 500 when i bought my first car at 18 . absolutely anything beyond that $ 500 i paid for myself .
i look at my favourite parts rather than the ones i 'm most secure about . when i glance at the mirror , only positives first
at a certain point , you must be picky then , no ? like what does financially stable mean ? eventually it kind has to come down to a dollar figure .
sorry but out of curiosity , why was this scary ? i do n't get it without context or it went over my head .
just a reminder that child free means you do n't want children ever . a fencesitter is someone who does n't want them right now , they can be cf leaning , but they still think they want kids one day . childless means you want them but do n't / can't have them ( for whatever reason )
you have to earn trust but when someone gives me a reason not to trust them i do n't . i learned the hard way not to trust people easy after cutting someone off completely a couple mounts ago for something they did several years ago that i now have to get help for and have issues trusting and letting people even family in . but it depends on how trust is broken to me if i will try to trust you again or if i never will .
i 'm not going to say i never get jealous , but i try to look at it as if whether my partner cheats or not , in the long-run it 's a win-win . if he does n't cheat then i get to be with him the rest of my life . if he does cheat , i learn what kind of person he is and i get to kick him out of my life . i either get to be with someone amazing or remove negativity and harm from my surrounding . win-win .
i wish geese would just pick one spot to poop in the woods around whatever body of water they choose to spend their days in instead of pooping all over every square inch of the grassy fields .
change specifically for women ? days off for menstruation and menopause ?
oh . my . god . he is a sick sick freak . i absolutely hate when abusers try to play the victim . it 's also really unfortunate he got no jail time . i am so sorry you had to go through that . if you wanna talk , feel free to message me . i am glad you 're fighting through and are still here . what he did is disgusting , you did n't deserve to go through that .
100 % ! everything is at my doorstep or reachable by tube . the station is 3 mins from my house .
okay , what the actual fuck ? ? ?
hello , / u / mindfulmusee , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed for seeking advice about a specific person or personal situation . r / askwomen is about receiving answers from the community about their own opinions and experiences rather than seeking input on specific personal situations . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
the beat and music i can't help but sing to would probably be michael jackson 's “ beat it ” or bon jovi 's “ livi'n on a prayer ” , they are both classics .
having my hair done and dressed nicer , it makes me feel way more confident and i wanna like flip my hair around all over the place lol .
i 'll only drink taro milk tea but yes
i know what you mean ! my sister used plastic bags to stuff the box she sent us for christmas and i was so happy about it .
hello , / u / whasupstretch , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as answers to common or recently asked questions can be found in the faq or through the search bar . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
jeez dude that 's ... not great . i 'm really sorry you 're dealing with that . if you want to stay with him , talking about this stuff is really important . my husband and i , despite my rather flippant comment , really do talk about this stuff a lot . my comment paints my husband & i in kind of a bad light but it 's a difference in how we think of things . he 'll do what i ask , no nagging required . the problem is this : " hey can you do this thing ( no timeframe ) " to me , means " do it now . " to him , no specified timeframe means " whenever you get around to it . " it 's not that he does n't do things or tries to avoid tasks to make me do them , it 's that my default is " do things asap " and his is " do it when i eventually get a minute . " and in spite of being together for 9 years and married for almost 4 we still can't quite get our shit together on the topic , lol .
oh ! i miss bagel with lox , schmear , tomato , shaved red onion , cucumbers and capers ! so darn yummy .
the man was my dad , and he would n't use bowls or plates when making himself food . he 'd literally just pour chips on the counter , or make a sandwich straight on the counter , and just leave a mess behind . it was the worst .
sleeping on the phone together , sending each other small packages and little gifts , watching tv series together while on the phone and really just spending lots of time either on phone / video calls . we played games together as well and planned our next upcoming visit . always have something to look forward to .
in-laws .
same !
oh wow . thank you !
a weeknight or two , then the entire weekend . we both have somewhat demanding jobs and do not live together .
my insecurities and needs
how did you get diagnosed with this ? i am very attracted to my partner and am always into having sex with him but i have so much trouble started penetrative sex due to pain and not being able to get anything in there
to take a shit on my chest . no lies
i would wonder why after 11 years , he 's not willing to get married .
yes , i did that for the first time last week . i was so overjoyed to be helping . instead of the one who always was needing the help .
first , i stopped calling them daddy issues , because it 's infantilizing and trivializing , which is part of the problem . second , i try to define exactly what i mean by daddy issues . then i address them ? ?
yea let me just check aunt flo 's dinner plans one sec .
ohhh boy this hits home . agreeing about these decisions in the abstract is hard enough . following through with the agreed course of action is a whole other ball of wax . how would you say things are with your kids now that they 're grown ?
i can not believe he weaponized vaping
wow that is super cheap . i 've never seen them in a chain grocery store here in the us , only at farmer 's markets and they 're expensive . the first time i came across them i thought they were mini tomatillos lol . i hope you find a way to grow some because that would suck not getting to eat them very often when you love them so much !
relatable now i have ocd and feel worthless unless everything is clean
literally just had this happen to me but french toast . had never really had it before accept a bite maybe once and the frozen french toast sticks but had never had anyone make it for me or made it myself . found a recipe and now i make it every day pretty much lol . has also happened with pancakes , blt 's , tuna salad , and caesar salad .
ube and taro !
are you me ? ? ? my bf says we 'll go away for my birthday . says he 'll take care of everything . he books the accommodation and nothing else . does n't look up activities to do . does n't book any restaurants . does n't know how to get from a to b . does n't want to do anything or go anywhere except swim in the hotel pool , even though he knows i dislike swimming . i end up crying on the phone to my mum on the 2nd day , who tells me to just go out and enjoy myself and do the things that i want to do . so i ended up planning everything from there on , tell him he can tag along if he wants , but i 'm going to do the things that i want to do ( like eating out , shopping , sightseeing ) . it ended up being an ok time , i guess . then 6 months later he tells him that trip was one of his fondest memories of us going on holiday together and is gobsmacked that i did n't feel the same way ( ! ) it 's happened a couple more times now ( not to such an extreme degree though ) and yeah , i learning that i have to be veeeeery direct with what i want or else i wo n't get anything .
this chinese dish ... i do n't know it 's official name but my family translated it to black fungus mold . i love the texture so much . i wish i could eat it everyday .
this irritates me because it slightly reminds me of my boyfriend
risifrutti from the scandinavian countries . it 's basically rice pudding with fruit compote and i need more of it .
spending money on fast fashion
i 'd think he was wanting to be single again
i also do n't have to explain my expenditures and more often than not use the joint . but how can you get him a surprise if he also sees the account ? i 'm sneaky so it 's not really an issue for me , but i know friends have been bummed that the charge showed up before the gift could be given .
if you get overwhelmed with getting household things done , set a timer for just 15 minutes and get as much done as you can . you might be surprised how much you can get done each day in only 15 mins .
a favorite of mine too
in my experience i feel as if just hugging them and caring for them in the mean time and getting some water for them and just hugging it out is nice . after , if there 's some problems with their mental health to the point where they will need a therapist then that 's what we 'll do .
my mom literally just yelled at me and hit me lol
not investing ( if you 're able to save , which i know many people are n't ) . after an emergency fund and any short term goals that you need liquid funds for in cash , you 're losing money over time by not investing .
this sounds really good
depends on the person . i had an ex who found someone in less than a month after we broke up despite claiming to not want to end the relationship we had . i was upset for solidly a year after our breakup . but i 've also met someone less the a month out of a relationship . my current partner is someone i met and fell for extremely soon after i broke up with an ex . my ex seemed to have been way more impacted by our breakup .
" you 're not like other girls . " ... spoiler , i am exactly like other girls .
betrayed , furious .
lol that guy was so certain he nabbed himself a mom for him and his child .
we both lock our phones . we do n't have each other 's passwords . i 've accidentally had my phone dial people at very early hours so i started locking it . it 's also a good idea in case it 's stolen .
the moment i saw him .
having a small pack of tissue in my purse . i have no idea why but that has always been my image of an elegant lady .
ceasar salad . i went through a phase where i was obsessed with a ceasar salad i had at this one restaurant . the dressing was so anchovy-forward and lemony . it was amazing . i craved it ever since . so , i re-created this at home on a weekly basis . i invested heavily in anchovies , anchovy paste , good ceasar dressing , good grated parmesan and it was heaven .
homemade gnocchi with brown butter & sage . takes practice but it 's one of the cheapest classy foods you can make :)
the difference between our expectation and our reality is what induces emotion as well . humans do n't like surprises and this causes a sudden shift in metabolic priorities . which your interoceptive system reads as feelings . emotions are n't triggered by something outside of us they are made inside . dr lisa feldman-barrett 's book * how emotions are made * completely upended much of what i learned in graduate school getting my doctorate in psychology . she 's the most brilliant scientist in the field today . hugely important book .
candy cane tootsie pops and fruit roll ups for awhile
yeah , it was a first , for sure .
my parents must be veeery good friends with your mil !
we both lock our phones , we both know each others ' passcodes , neither of us would unlock the others ' phone without permission
caught aboyfriend doing this on onlyfans , exchanging nude photos and sending messages to multiple women . i absolutely lost my shit and rightly so , what made it worse was he played dumb and said he did n't believe it was cheating & when i asked if it would be okay if i sent photos of my vagina to a random guy on the internet he seemed to have a lightbulb moment . thought he was a complete dumbass ever since .
i have never lived full time with a partner . but short term stays with partners , basically , they did n't clean and did n't put food in the fridge for me . even though i did for him . i was dumb in my 20s .
my stomach growled
would be a turn off . . . he 'd lose my interest
black dresses and heels
to me , this is a significant sign that he does not compliment you . in many ways . like he made this trip “ for you ” but he knows you do n't ‘ love ' skiing . he did n't do anything special . not one . and it 's your christmas gift . not his or one he wanted both of you to have . the fact that he knew almost nothing about the most basic important steps , like when you arrive ? ? shows lack of a desire to ensure a good time . i 'm not saying he 's a bad person , but he 's not for you .
my husband and i have our phones locked at all times for security purposes . but we know each other 's passwords . neither of us has ever had a need to go snooping in each other 's phone or any other digital apps or anything like that . i know for a fact that he had an ashley madison profile because he told me . it was n't for anything nefarious at all . i 'm aware of his online porn habits as he is very open with me , and i with him about mine .
i clean my hairbrush for hair after everytime i used it . so i do n't know how much it will take for it 's full .
uhhh really depends on the relationship & the feelings they have towards their ex ? pretty equal i guess .
bubble baths
have you tried quick-cured cucumber ? requires only sugar , salt , and cucumber . so good !
i would first let them try it out , and if it all goes well i 'll continue to let them play . if something happens like my child gets injured then i 'll most likely pull them out of football .
i did n't find him yet . hopefully , this year 🤞🏻 :face_with_tears_of_joy:
oh yea you can get a pound for like 50 cents down here ! i 'll have to look into growing them myself because they are now my favorite fruit ever .
listening to our thoughts and bodies
queen energy !
is he really into that movie or something ?
anything that involves speaking with an actual model i would consider cheating .
i 've paid zero dollars in fees with fidelity for both my roth and my brokerage account . i 've had my roth for 15 years .
for me it 's strawberries and nutella .
we play ourselves by jen silverman
my husband takes everything as a personal attack on him , his parenting , his life skills , his career . he gaslights me and victimizes himself . he also is a combat vetran . 90 % of the time he is great , then he is like bipolar , he has manic and super lows . manics and highs are rare , but he can swich and crash super low really fast . we argue a lot over his precieved views of me . he says he cant trust me because i look down on him , i pick on him , i berate him , and give him dirty looks . he says he feels i dont respect him , i dont trust him , and the list goes on . sadly , i cant change him . i encourage him to better himself and do things that make him happy , but with a toddler , his only hobby is reading or video games . most of the time he says this is when i have just gotten home from work , am exhausted , trying to tend a toddler , cook dinner and clean the kitchen . all while listening to him complain about his day . every day . i dont want to leave him , but fuck i want him to seek help . he refuses .
literally i just cry . blow off some steam by angrily playing apex or something
i had just had my gallbladder taken out and just woke up from the anesthesia . i was about to fall asleep again . he was at my bedside and he looked so concerned . it was in that moment that i realized i loved him and that i wanted to tell him . i made direct eye contact and said the three words . he said them back and i fell asleep . in the days after that he seemed a little awkward to me , like there was something on his mind . i guessed right when i said , " that was n't the drugs talking that afternoon in my hospital room , i do love you . " he seemed so relieved and said it back again .
ugh i 'm sorry , that sucks
banana peppers ! ! i could eat a whole jar of them lol
[ here 's a link for homemade boba ! ] ( HTTPURL )
he 'd leave his rotting food in the fridge . i would leave it hoping he would notice and stop doing it , but eventually i realized i was fighting a battle in a war he did n't know was happening . also he decided to stop paying rent without mentioning it to anyone .
in college i discovered japanese sweet potato and it was so life changing i ate it like every day
that is so bizarre . he 's like " well regular cat calling just was n't working for me , maybe she 'll enjoy a turkey gobble instead "
when he told me that i could / should tell about my stresses and how im feeling mentally because part of his " job " as my boyfriend was to be there for me emotionally i had n't dated anyone who had voiced that to me before and it 's all i 'd ever wanted in a relationship
and the sad part ( on him ) is that he really does n't even know what he did wrong , he does n't care to .
i 'm from hanover ! my dad used to work for utz . snyders and utz both have an outlet store too , so you could get really fat .
i had no idea they were everywhere in peru ! i tried them for the first time a couple years ago and am planning on growing them in my garden if i can . they are excellent .
i would break up w them
african injera . so you put anything spicy in it and it just makes a meal .
lol , are you related to us ? that 's exactly my mils style of “ vegetables ” .
no , but many people do n't understand they have a problem until it 's brought to their attention . i had that problem with video games and absolutely hated it when people would tell me j play too much . till i started to try to quit .
hahaha my friend and i do this when we 're high ! his wife and our other friend always end up laughing so hard and separate us when they can't stand it anymore .
mochi ! it 's delicious :white_heart:
i do n't know about time and place , but a greek salad is a lot nicer on a sunny day .
breakfast , medicine , then yoga or a walk if i 'm really feeling it ... once i get back to work next month i know that will change but it 's nice for now
staying in a marriage even though they do n't like each other .
ice cold beer after yardwork / outdoor work
my friend passed out on drugs in the middle of the crowd at a festival watching arcade fire and now i have these sort of trauma flashbacks when i listen to them because it was very scary and stressful getting her out of the crowd . everyone was ok in the end but i can't listen to them anymore without getting really anxious .
:flushed_face: am i him wtf ... i 'm supposed to be able to sleep on my back ? ... i try sometimes but i literally just cant talk asleep that way
needed this
as long as it 's not any of my maternal family , with the exception of my second cousin , it 's fine . my maternal family can all go find the highway to hell and take it .
water . first thing in the morning .
balls deep in your love
mood
clothes . maybe i 'm buying from the wrong places but a basic t shirt or sweatshirt for over $ 50 . i used to justify some brands being more expensive because of high quality , but low quality things are just as expensive now it seems
thanks for the clarification on that . i do n't think i would 've even known it was an insult if i heard it !
getting my heart broken
this response hit me pretty hard . my ex and i fell in love really quickly but he kinda checked out 8 months later . i wonder if we would have had a slow build and adjusted our lives more slowly if things would have grown differently and been more sustainable . i think he got overwhelmed ; by life and by a relationship and combining everything at once was too much for him . losing him was the hardest thing i 've ever gone through , so thank you for your perspective and insight .
anything by anthrax , nice speed
tried on a date once . failure ! ! if you dont have chemistry and you dont feel a connection these are just questions that give you information you dont need .
video games
iced coffee on a road trip
buy or build a home by the time i 'm 30 . i 'm 25 now and trying my damn hardest to achieve it still even after my credit plummeted and it 's taken me 3 years to get it back into a place where i do n't get rejected for everything . still a long road ahead but i think it 's possible still
i 'd love to hear more ... at what point during the relationship did you do it ? how did it affect your relationship ?
he has my netflix account
i played we 're not really strangers , which is basically that in game form , on a first date once . ended up pulling my first-ever all-nighter hanging out with him . got in a relationship for about 2 weeks ( i 'd only ever dated one other boy , which lasted all of 2 days until i realized i did n't really like him and did n't want to drag it out ) . so , i 'd say ... successful lol
i have n't got one personally . i can't think of any reason that would n't make things worse or cause problems , even if sometimes i would like to message him just to tell him i hope he rots in hell
got independent with money and chose what i wanna do in life career vise
i have never heard of this but now i would love to see them implement these questions in the show “ love is blind ” that would be so interesting
if they 're really tall .
feed my cats . then i make coffee .
hello shittleshuffle . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , copy & paste a link your post & [ click here to contact modmail . ] ( HTTPURL ) . please include the reason you are contesting this post and a link to your message . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
got it a decade ago , but getting my masters , and having a career i 'm proud of . always up for new challenges , and even randomly moved to alaska in 2019 on a lark , came back to my house about 8 months later , but worth it .
best part is you become more independent and in the best case scenario you know that you have power to influence your own life . worst : bunch of responsibilities and bills
oh my god i did n't realize you commented the exact same thing as me til now lmao
lol we 're both adults and can prepare or buy our own lunch . if he does take the time to spoil me like that , i 'll appreciate the gesture but i definitely do n't expect it nor is it a dealbreaker ...
proper fish n chips at the coast . there is nothing better .
galato in italy
go back to sleep
sitting on the train to the airport with a hot take-away coffee and packed backpack on my way into a long deserved vacation !
1 . per 2 . coffee
check social media , cuddle with my cat
chinese food in a chinese restaurant , idk what they put in it but even if i try to cook it at home afterwards its definitely not the same
salad
put on pants and ask myself why im doing this to myself waking up so early
desperation , loneliness , or maybe they feel bad if you 're friends , then just because y'all are friends
pray :folded_hands:
hotdog made by the hotdog guy at the corner .
also not who you asked , but - on work days , i wake up about 6:30 . i probably spend ten minutes in bed petting cats , getting a couple of last few snuggles with my husband , and check messages on my phone ( and as of late do the daily wordle puzzle to wake up my brain ) . i get up , use the bathroom , brush my teeth , feed the cats , check my plants ( i 've got seedlings going indoors ) , and get the coffee going . i do about 10-20 minutes of yoga on workdays and 30-40 on weekends . hit the shower , get dressed , pack a lunch , kiss my husband goodbye , and i 'm out of the door 7:30- 7:50 depending on the day . my office opens at 8 ( most people do n't come in until later though ) and i only have a 10-15 minute drive . most nights i go to bed between 10-11 .
came here to say this
thank you .
red vines in a movie theater . hot dog and beer at a baseball game . burgers in your friends backyard pool party .
the only acceptable reason is that you gave them an std and are just letting them know . i would never speak to any of my exes otherwise . and since i 've never given anyone an std , i do n't talk to my exes .
man here . i 'm friends with a couple of my ex 's . and why not ? who says all breakups have to be contentious ?
eating those make-your-own waffles in the hotel breakfast bar after waking up early for a vacation breakfast just hits different . making the waffles , cutting them up , having a little oj or apple juice on the side , delicious .
fart as i turn off my alarms on my phone
take a big pee then chug a glass of water , i am always thirsty when i wake up
fantastic !
from god 's personal fountain
so many good answers ! ! i hope you 're able to have as many of those in your life !
i do the same ! i 'm really wanting to break this habit thought cause i feel sluggish all day lmao
i wanted to have pregnancy and childbirth done before i hit 30 . i miscarried at 24 , had my son and 25 and daughter at 27 . i had a mini stroke when i was pregnant with my daughter so i feel that doing it any later would possibly have had more serious long term effects on my health . my other goals were to have a decent career , own my home and be debt free . those 3 took more hard graft than the kid goal !
i have a coworker who does this . got any examples of how you call this out ?
fish and chips on the beach :beach_with_umbrella:
look at my phone to see if i have any messages from work . then , i will check the weather .
i talk to one every couple of years , we follow each other on instagram and somehow even 15 years later me and her dad are still friends on fb lol
us taco bell ( or honestly any sort of actual mexican food ) after being in the uk ! :face_with_tears_of_joy:
the ol ' morning poop . every single morning without fail .
i actually started a new thing where i turn the sentence on its head and use it for positive things like when my boys dance funny , or build amazing stuff with legos , or laugh when they fart . basically putting the emphasis on the " boys " as in kids
a healthy mind in a healthy body , a stable and safe life , having the opportunity to follow one 's dreams and being harmony with oneself .
pizza after not having pizza in at least 6 months .
none . i just move on . i have no desire to “ catch up ” i really do n't see the point it 's just clingy . you need to grow and you can't do that with old roots
hotdog at the ballpark . pretty much the only time i ever eat one but i do it every time i go because it 's just perfect . totally worth the $ 37 they charge for a hot dog and soda
oranges after skiing or doing something in the cold ! helps replenish vitamin d and tastes so much better to eat an orange after freezing butt off than at any other time .
experience existential dread
i have to get out of bed immediately or i will start falling back asleep so i immediately get up , pee , brush my teeth , and then everything else . the only exception is if i 'm going for a run , then i save brushing my teeth for after because i get cotton / foamy mouth bad if i brush before a run !
coffee or tea both taste better when sipped in the morning , at the top of a lush mountain , fresh air all around .
well there 's also reaching out to push them in front of a speeding bus but ... yeah
being happy in my own body ( physically and emotionally ) , having enough money to live comfortably and without any financial burdens , smiling / laughing a lot each day , having a genuine support system ( could be friends / family , etc ) , doing self-care activities throughout the day . small yet important aspects to perfect happiness would be animals , flowers , the sunset / sunrise , deep conversations , good food , hugs , etc .
ah you beat me to it
places to live .
hot ramen at night while listening to the rain hit your windows
getting cheated on . my partner listing after other women
pizza straight out of the oven at a restaurant . it 's just not the same once it goes into the box and you take it home . still good ... but not the same .
thanks !
the milk at the bottom of the bowl of cereal after all the cereal is gone !
oooo for me , it 's taco bell . and i eat it like a complete savage . whether i 'm in the passenger seat or on a couch , i end up knee deep in fallen shredded lettuce
gotcha now ! time to unwind and care for self is invaluable .
lay there and decide whether i 'm going to work from home or if i should get up , get dressed and go into the office to lift my mood . i always feel better and i 'm more productive when i work from the office but some days i just want to be cozy and lazy at home
have a glass of warm water
lay in bed for an hour when possible
food , water ... ?
i reached out to an ex after almost ten years since last speaking , as i 'd moved nearer to him over a year before ( we were long distance ) , and would become anxious at the idea of running into him unexpectedly when in his town for appointments / events . decided ( drunkenly ) he was n't so scary , and to manage my anxiety i ( soberly ) reached out to see if he wanted to get coffee one day when i was in his town for an event ... we got back together a week later . i think we were right people , wrong time / place when we were a decade younger .
adderall ! i tried tons of self help books before i went to meds , and tbh all the tips i learned were garbage compared to the way adderall helps .
i usually end up calming them down and then carrying the annoyance / upset myself . i try not to take it personally . usually it really is n't . they are just afraid / upset for their loved ones
essential .
sandwiches and salads are always best when someone else makes them
my ex is literally a rocket scientist working for the government . he calls me about once every year or two whenever he needs higher security clearance so he lets me know that he 's putting me down as a reference . we get our " how 's the family " questions out of the way , and " ok talk to you next year . " lol it 's nice . very proud of him .
. " i 'd prefer my romantic partner not to feel like a performing seal . " ... or have that horrible fishy breath and thick wire moustache . on the other hand , if he likes to dive and can hold his breath for a long time , that might be good . :winking_face_with_tongue:
being a single mom again lmfao i only have one kid though but i learned my lesson ...
watermelon . on a hot summer evening , after you 've been outside all day . it 's one of my favorite childhood memories after playing outside with my friends at the park all day .
your mom 's food .
that i have the power to control my life .
overdosed on meth
joe bean roasters - fabricator house roast
i was trying to save for a down payment on a home , now i have no idea seeing as housing prices are insane in southern ontario ... guess i 'll aim for a baller retirement instead lol
cancer and the threat of losing my fertility through cancer treatment . my husband 's moodiness and hostility always bothered me , but he frequently acted like i was overreacting and being too sensitive about it . after i got a diagnosis and was waiting for a pet scan and mri to determine if it had spread , the things that provoked angry reactions and / or extended moodiness from him during this period included ( but were n't limited to ): 1 . not having a strong enough opinion on whether he should buy a new pair of trousers 2 . phrasing things as " can we go by the bakery ? " instead of " let 's go to the bakery " 3 . warning him that the dog was trying to pee while we were walking him 4 . giving the dog commands in too loud a voice 5 . gently correcting him when he started telling my doctor something that was not accurate 6 . getting upset with him for offering to help me with my time-sensitive self-injected medication but then jumping on a work call for an hour without saying anything to me beforehand in any other context , i could look at these sorts of interactions and tell myself that he was stressed or dealing with depression / anxiety / adhd , or that my reaction was n't as mature or disciplined as it should have been , etc . it was n't until the same behaviour started showing up in a context of cancer that it felt like someone switched on a blacklight : i would never in a million years treat a partner this way during a major health crisis , nor would i ever tell a friend / loved one to tolerate this behaviour during a major health crisis . i 'm not overly sensitive - - i 'm usually pretty level-headed and resilient , and my husband likely has an undiagnosed mood disorder .
i can't afford to save
second this !
do things that only benefit you . also start doing all the things you always wanted to but other people were n't down for or did n't like . even if it means going solo .
moving out ... maybe , hopefully
brow lift
my intelligence and my street smarts .
good running / walking shoes .
fleeywood mac - do n't stop , tom cochrane - life is a highway , galantis - peanut butter jelly , surfaces - sunday best , jax jones etc - tequila , rupaul - sissy that walk , deee-lite - groove is in the heart , bill withers - lovely day , russel stewart - midsummer ... could find so many , hope one of them suits your taste and hope you feel good soon :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes:
fomo
a home for my son and myself .
awww . that sucks . my bump group went stupid after about 6 months . they were very catty and had definite " popular girls " that everyone swooned over . i left pretty quick after things got weird .
buying my first house .
adoption . & #x200b ; my so and i can not have kids on our own ( he 's infertile ) , but we 'd love to have children . we 've worked unbelievable hard for the past 8 years and are now at a healthy , stable place in our lives . while we 'd like to say we 're open to any kid of any age from any background , we feel that we would be most comfortable with a little one , around 3 years old or younger . unfortunately , that puts us into the one of the highest cost ranges of adopting , regardless of race , gender , location , or circumstances . estimates are around $ 40k and while i understand the need for all of the safeguards around adoption , it is nearly prohibitively expensive .
so sorry . that 's fucking terrible
my grandmother joined facebook and i was like .. nah
aw what a cute question . we were rivals for best artist in the class and now he 's an animator for disney . i on the other hand did not follow that particular passion .
well being a bit broke helps . but only a little . generally i do n't have a problem choosing healthier meals over less healthy ines . i think a lot of it is the diet i was acclimated to when i was younger , so i mostly have my mom to thank for that .
a home , but this current market is trying to make it impossible
that 's awesome ! colombia looks gorgeous !
turned out to be my husband . together 12 years . he 's pretty awesome !
your submission has been removed : today is [ thersday ] ( HTTPURL ) , where we are only allowing questions centered towards women outside of all relationships with others . if your post meets all other requirements , you are welcome to repost tomorrow ! we do not allow questions that needlessly exclude minority demographics . please use [ inclusive phrasing ] ( HTTPURL ) . limiting responses to majority demographics is not permitted . this sort of question is not what this subreddit is for . try using r / findareddit for a more appropriate place to ask it . moderators reserve the right to remove posts that are not in the best interest of the community . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
a car that i actually want 🤞🏽
the first one in the morning
i 'm married
moving back to the us , and a trip to seattle once i arrive .
your submission has been removed : today is [ thersday ] ( HTTPURL ) , where we are only allowing questions centered towards women outside of all relationships with others . if your post meets all other requirements , you are welcome to repost tomorrow ! * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
ha - i was going to say every second day but realistically this is closer to the truth !
two vacations . one to somewhere tropical and one to somewhere in europe . got any suggestions ?
for real . that was an * ouch * read .
hello , / u / anonthrowawaysssss , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed for seeking advice about a specific person or personal situation . r / askwomen is about receiving answers from the community about their own opinions and experiences rather than seeking input on specific personal situations . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
in jail
renovations for my first house ... equally terrified / excited .
land
a big dragon tattoo ! it 's half done already , but i 'm still paying for it .
keep.me in your duas !
haha yes ! i do that too
same ! sometimes because it hurts my ears ( loudly shutting door ) but sometimes just as an automatic response to any unpleasant events .
vicariously live through others on youtube with window shopping ! it works pretty well because not too many of the people i follow are also plus-size . i can not buy the same things as them . i can only imagine it ;\ _ \ _ \ _ \ _ ;
when i read blogs written by gentle parents
or you get " friends " who do n't believe you and force you to " prove it . "
read either a physical book or one on an e-reader . occasionally , i watch makeup tutorials on youtube but that can be dangerous because then i will want new makeup
get outta here ! how do you know ? !
same , and i say “ ow ” anytime anything happens to a character in playing as in a video game lmao
same here !
having kids :d
ouch
moving out and settling myself in a different country
i say ouch way too often , and most of the time i 'm not even injured . drop my phone ? ouch . open the front door too hard ? ouch
look at your finances closely . see where the money is going . do you have extra ? is " more stuff " the best way to use that resource ? how 's your rainy day fund ? your retirement fund ? other debt ? have you donated to charity lately ? on more than one occasion i 've found myself eyeing a purse or a pair of shoes and thought , " surely there is a rescue that needs this money more than i need a new bag . " that will stop me dead in my tracks ... always .
he 's an insurance salesman . i win .
too much family politics and dramas . i do n't need that energy in my life .
filling in my eyebrows . i do n't know why that takes so much concentration .
indeed it does .
i go shopping and just take a quick photo of the cute things i want to buy . i almost never regret not having bought those things , but it 's so fun just to go see what 's out there . leave your card at home . :face_with_tears_of_joy:
i 'm so glad i 'm not the only one who has experience a mfker talking and guessing what 's happening next while i silently try to enjoy a show . that guy is gone now tho , ptl
i 'm glad you 're doing that i hope it helps ! i have been there / am sort of there myself feel free to send me a chat anytime :red_heart:
drinking my morning coffee . chaos and noise before i 'm caffeinated is pure torture .
this one is my reason , too . i noticed that when i ate the healthy stuff , i felt amazing . and that when i ate the junk , i felt like crap . since i do n't actually enjoy feeling like crap , i eat the healthy stuff !
house
a house
i started loving myself and standing in my truth .
i make wishlist collections on pinterest . so i 'll shop online but instead of checking out i will save the item in my pinterest board .
i 'm not saving any more for it because i reached my goal , but surprising a few of my girlfriends with a weekend away at a cottage . we all desperately need a break & some kid-free time !
thanks :) i 'm gonna start therapy again soon so that will hopefully help
sleeping . some people like to fall asleep with the tv on , cant understand that . i want the silence so silent , i want to feel like the world has died and there is nobody left to make a goddamn sound .
medic school :ambulance:
he 's an asshole who cyberstalks me and makes sure i know he thinks my bisexuality is a farce 💁‍♀ so he 's obviously leading a fulfilling life / s
make drawings of how i could alter my own clothes with sowing or embroidery or some type of knitting technique that may make a nice sweater eventually .
rent that is 3 days past due .
a house . a new car . a vacation . second degree tuition and a surgery
shop online and save everything you find in a list for when you have the money to buy it .
xbox for my girlfriend well i have her give me money under the lie i need help paying bills , than save it until i can get her one . because she wants one but wo n't buy it because it seems “ selfish ”
laser hair removal , i know we as women don ´ t have to shave but it 's something that i want
a house
a car and college
you may not be familiar with some of the terminology used in body building . along the same line , you should know what certain exercises are and how to safely perform them . there are all sorts of exercises you can perform – so many , in fact , space prevents us from listing all of them . however , learning the basics can be a great help . learn more : [ here ] ( HTTPURL )
i love to live vicariously through others and watch haul videos !
pickles
hmm ... i use sunscreen all year , not because i live somewhere nice and sunny , but because i 'm outside all year round . that sets me back say 50 $ per year .. then i go to the hairdresser twice a year , that 's probably 2-300 $ per year .. so 250-350 $ per year on my " appearance " . let 's just say that when a man writes on his profile that he 's looking for a feminine woman , i assume he does n't mean me . ;)
it 's metal
extremly handsome , well accomplished , good shape , lots of money , great style and taste father of one that is barely a month now with his amazingly beautiful , smart and genuine girlfriend . obviously he may have some hardships in his life aswell but i have no idea . outwards him and his life looks pretty darn close to perfection . 🤷‍♀
love
a weirdly jealous female manager at my previous job " we did n't think you 'd be good at this job because you 're so pretty . "
perhaps the hardest pill to swallow is " love does not conquer all , " you can find someone attractive and admire them all you want but if you do n't want the same things in life ( marriage / kids ) then it wo n't work
watch sewing videos on youtube
i realized i fell into the trap of editing my photos too much and began to feel like my online self and real self were two different identities . it made it worse because my real life friends had me on social media . after realizing how toxic my self image became i deleted in 2017 and never looked back . im just now getting back on ig and twitter really gradually .
oh 100 % ! i loathe open office floor plans , and big headphones give me headaches bc i wear glasses . remote work for the win ! ( also tech )
travel , a new car and a house !
" i said do n't speak to me patrick ! " i was thinking of you the other day . - - - " i do n't want to hear it ! lust for me in silence . " interesting though , honestly . to each , their own .
being able to pretend to be a dude on the internet and seeing how it changed the way i was treated . basically half or more of the jerks suddenly lost interest in heckling my feelings .
warm spring days , spending time with my pets and my husband , going on adventures and traveling
yes so what 443 people understood
- sour dough bread :loudly_crying_face: :loudly_crying_face: :loudly_crying_face: - the great valu bbq frito knock off chips - shrimp with cocktail sauce - mini m & ms at my moms house :smiling_face_with_tear:
the word female .
i could n't fucking agree more . they think we will change our minds later on and stuff . just do n't understand boundaries and personal preferences , not every one wants to be a mom or has a maternal instinct
this was my relationship with an ex . i paid half the bills , paid for all of the groceries and house stuff yet he expected me to do all of the cooking and cleaning because according to him i was better at it . if you want an old school housewife than pay 100 % of the bills .
oh man the mint ones that are thin are my favorite thing ever
rage against the machine
the vagina is the inside
that super dramatic eyeshadow paired with a shape catseye . it just looks too drag queen for me .
marriage . it 's disadvantageous for most women .
this comment or post has been removed as answers to common or recently asked questions can be found in the faq or through the search bar . if you have any questions about this moderation action , please message the moderators through the link on the sidebar or [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , please include a link to the removed content for review .
lol yes ! ! i hate the trend :loudly_crying_face: :face_with_tears_of_joy:
my mother 's self destructive streak and denial . she would have benefited hugely from therapy before she became a raging alcoholic to deal with her horribly traumatic childhood . my dad 's lack of interest he associates me with the end of their marriage ( youngest ) and feels guilty i think . we never bonded . he 's a good man but never reaches out to me , it stings as he is very close to two of my siblings . i feel forgotten and am working through these feelings as a 35 year old with chronically low self esteem .
pringles
yes whatever the word is for the part that gets shaved , the pubic region ! ! shaved pussy ! punani ! vadge ! flaps ! lady garden ! fanny ! you name it , basically anywhere the bloody hair grows ! ! !
my hair is like a dark blonde / light brown color ( i tried to dye it back to my natural but it 's a bit off ) the ends are a bit lighter from being super blonde in the past . i liked being light blonde , but as a broke college student , having to touch it up was too expensive . besides , i think my natural color brings out my eyes more . my natural color is my favorite but i 've been considering going darker brown since i 've never done it before .
i feel like i 'm missing something here
as a man , i can not tell you how infuriated i get when i 'm walking around a clothing store and see a woman looking through all the men 's clothes picking things out for her lazy ass husband . and so often the husband is just walking behind her on his phone like some kind of toddler . like dude , grow some fucking dignity already .
orange fake tan
cheez-its . it 's rare that i will ever say yes to them ... but when i do ... welp .
shit
also the fact that success for a woman is so different than for a man . i truly do n't believe this is talked about enough and yet is so mainstream . if a woman , does not have a stable job , children , a home , a husband - achieving this all by the age of 30 ( which is practically an expiry date for any woman ) - then she is deemed as unrespectable or unworthy , by others . whereas so long as a man has got enough money to rent an apartment by thirty and a good job or is in education , then he is doing fine and is still on his journey . men seem to have more time than women , which personally i just think is unfair . although this is a fairly new standard for woman to have achieved all their life goals by thirty ( and by new i mean that 50 years ago a woman would n't have been expected to have a stable job or her own home ) , it still is perhaps one of the most frustrating expectations which we as women , and our families ( especially from certain ethnic groups , i would know i 'm half greek - my mum 's side and half albanian - my dad 's side ) hold us to , especially considering the already large head start which men and especially cis , white men have above us .
tbh im not a fan of low rise jeans with thongs out , or when jeans have that butt cheek cutout ... however .. sometimes it is hot
ooh , i 'm going to have to try that now ! ! sounds amazing , especially with the ambiance !
you could just do what you want with your own body ? who cares what other people think
so much this ! image matters more than self ŕespect
pop chips cheese and chive . they 're super tasty
people that are very arrogant / cocky . i know there are worse things in the world but omg . one of the only things that make me mad .
ignoring my gut feeling . if i quickly feel like the friendship is n't gonna work out , do n't entertain it . takes too much time and energy .
bullet for my valentine are my absolute favourite
hello , / u / nothankyouuu _ , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as answers to common or recently asked questions can be found in the faq or through the search bar . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
ion dark burgundy brown ! i 've been doing this color for over 10 years now so i think it 's my favorite haha
a man can walk away from a pregnancy or a family and go on with life without a bat of an eye from society but heaven forbid a woman ever walk away from her kids
must be hard cleaning up after yourself huh kiddo
shaving
i just looked that up and ew
assuming that just because they 're your best friend , you 're also their best friend . some people are just good at seeming close to a lot of people .
feeeeeeeeemale
only if they 're married is it considered hard work if they 're divorced or windowed they should also be working or they 're lazy ... how tf does this make sense honestly
hickory smoked almonds !
it confuses me . sometimes i feel like i 'm not enough just for the fact of how amazing he is , but he constantly makes me feel loved and accepted . it just feels right . i finally feel like this is the person i want to spend the rest of my life with and i can't imagine him not being in my life . i just wish i had the drive and ambition to be a better person .
spoiler : you were cool as fuck .
soap eyebrows
fnnn hot cheetos 😮‍💨 :squinting_face_with_tongue:
no one wants to be undercover crunching for an hour at a time
for years i did n't want any kids and neither did my partner then baby fever hit and i still was n't sure . eventually it came down to the question of when i 'm older in my twilight years would i look back and wish i 'd had children / a family . if i could n't be sure that the answer was no then i 'd look the other way at it . when the children were grown and flown would i still regret having them . eventually i decided i 'd regret not having them more than i 'd have them .
hello throwaway 2384003 . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , copy & paste a link your post & [ click here to contact modmail . ] ( HTTPURL ) . please include the reason you are contesting this post and a link to your message . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
having children . i have multiple mental issues and can barely take care of myself , no way in hell i can care for a child
lots of women find birth really empowering . please do n't lump all women together . it 's just as valid to find pregnancy and birth an incredible and beautiful experience as it is to absolutely hate and fear the very idea of it . there are plenty of women who are very " informed " around pregnancy and birth that still support and desire it . it 's about choice and education .
circle with me has been my jam recently . have you heard morphide ? the singer does great spiiritbox covers and their own stuff is solid .
when they act like women are their therapists . like i do n't want to hear about my coworker 's marriage problems or their whole life story and childhood trauma . it 's normal to vent some things to your friends / loved ones , but you really do n't need to share everything and most do n't reciprocate . in offices , many times women are expected to do extra stuff like organize parties , order lunches or bake for events , clean up after people . people also expect women to be the one to take care of kids / babysit for their friends / family members without getting paid . women being expected to help out in the kitchen / serving and cleaning up during holidays / parties while the men are eating and relaxing .
the glorious sons , the pretty reckless , halestorm , p ! atd , the beaches , arkells , marianas trench , the offspring , rise against and green day
poppets . they are balls of mint fondant covered in dark chocolate and they make the inside of my mouth tingle
every way possible . :(
being expected to have kids .
everything . im easily irritated
i lost a really good friend to her toddler husband . he eats like a toddler without supervision , too . chicken nuggets , mnms , plain pasta . and she was an incredible cook . he did absolutely nothing around the house , literally slept and played video games 24/7 , it was fucking gross .
that 's going to depend on the quality of the woman . no decent woman is going to tell you to never share your emotions , that 's just fucked up and she 's a shitty person . that 's a whole different topic than this issue , eventhough sadly there are a lot of women like that . that 's a problem with them and they need to grow up a bit . the emotional labour that we 're talking about is the above-and-beyond what anyone should be putting onto a partner . like , ever have that coworker who complains about * everything ? * imagine that , but worse , and the person you live with and love . imagine someone who can't figure out how to make themselves happy , even for an afternoon , and relies on you to provide all the fun , positivity , engagement , and enthusiasm for activities while they 're a wet sponge party-pooper . like , get some antidepressants or something , i can't be constantly pulling you out of a funk every damn day for everything . imagine someone who never puts any effort into activities , like for example , the world ends when we attend a wedding and he can't be bothered to do more than show up and bitch the whole time and expect me to make the pleasant conversations and social engagements to keep people in our lives . there 's a difference between not being very good socially versus actively making it difficult to socialize , placing all that burden on me to be the only likeable one in our family , and like he can't possibly figure out how to be polite and hold a conversation with someone at the event . are we a couple or am i his bright and cheerful pr agent while he grumbles about having to wear a suit and do something outside his routine . basically every shitty sitcom 's dumpy couch potato husband who acts like everything is an inconvenience to his plan , expects the woman to be pleasant and fix everything his bad attitude and bad manners wrecks , and yet someone still assumes there will be friends to come for barbecues and help moving , etc . i sound like the exhausted annoyed wife in this shitty shows and i hate that too . this dynamic is in so many shows , i 'm sad how common it is . anyway , share your feelings , that 's awesome and helps with communication ! but please also know how to find joy , how to act in social situations , have some enthusiasm for things , do n't be a drag , know that your partner does n't have the emotional capacity to take on every detail of all your worries . if it 's something at work , mention it , but please spare us the daily detailed rage-rants , because then they become our problem now too . if your partner is n't telling you every single problem , all day , every complaint , with details , then they probably do n't want to hear it either .
this is the reason i went to marriage therapy with my ex-husband and could not bring myself to admit that he held me down and raped me one night . so i just sat there crying like a lunatic while he shrugged and said , " she 's always like this . "
what ? why would the lack of sheets make the bed stink ..
how bout the idea that women are supposed to be the ' relationship.police/mommy ' ? ( but he still wants to be the man and the boss ) . you know , instead of him acting like an autonomous , responsible adult , she 's supposed to prop him up and support him and guide him to strive for the next level or whatevah . or if he does something bad or stupid and later tells her , " well i wanted you to stop me . " what ? so you knew you we 're fucking up but tying to blame her ? nahh .
if i hear someone constantly talking badly about others , i 'll keep them at a distance . you can't trust someone like that .
tbf , not sure if any women would want a 1950s husband lmao . when i think of 1950s husband i think of like every single show and movie where they 'd just openly joke about beating their wives .
working with them
to be honest ? i did n't want a kid for the longest time . but i held my friends baby and i dunno it 's like there was a switch that went off and i fell in love with the kid and told my husband that i now want one . and uh a year later i now got a 1 week old baby lol .
wrappers or empty plastic bottles around the house
ok but also everyone around you is wrong
i go for microwave normally , just have a little test every now and then , or if the shells start cracking you 're golden
that is too true
the top half layer of my hair is black the bottom half layer is red , it 's been like this for a year i still love it , definitely my favorite . the red was platinum blonde for about a year before i decided to go red . a close second is lilac which is what it was before i went black / platinum .
divorce
and carer industries are so poorly paid
i could have written this myself about my parents .
currently have my natural hair color black / dark brown . all time favorite color from the past was wine / burgundy without bleach !
omg , we stopped at one because we fully realized what the hell we 'd gotten ourselves into and knew we did n't want to do it twice . people pushed so hard for us to have more , but we did n't have any family or friends to help support us ! no thank you
being submissive
that makes me happy to hear ! yay !
raw , organic mattress haha
this right here
anything . no expectations anymore , i 'm tired and need a nap .
no couch .
blankets / sheets tacted up to cover a window . my current boyfriend actually had this when we started dating . we took a trip to target for curtains about a month in :grinning_face_with_sweat:
ughhhhh graves is my favorite song by them . brb listening now
that having a period can't be cause for a sick day .. or even a mental health day . some women 's cycles are so painful .. or cause a lot of emotional turmoil .. so to be treated like we 're being dramatic is so frustrating . like it 's a physical reaction in our body .. out of our control .
they 're not random . they 're pretty specific :see-no-evil_monkey:
shaving ! ! let us be hairy and natural if we want ! i should n't be seen as unprofessional or “ gross ” for having armpit hair .
what an amazing list . try persefone , they 're heavy prog . you 'd probably love this too HTTPURL
peanut butter m and ms orange jello
ripe plantain chips !
the flavor does n't change , but the texture does and that 's a big deal for some people - eating spaghetti with a sauce is definitely a different experience than eating penne with the same sauce . i agree that some dishes are better with dry pasta while other benefit more from the fresh pasta . i think that fresh pasta is deemed more fancy because it takes more work or is more expensive and less available than dry pasta .
eminem , fabri fibra , capital bra .
i can totally relate . for me it 's 3 things : visual noise , dust and hoarding semblance .
metallica , disturbed , tantric , godsmack , nightwish , within temptation , imperia and xandria .
and not just work but be a professional with a degree
that women should decide to birth children and not have an abortion .
exactly . when do i want to have children ? literally never . i 'm good being an aunt , thanks .
tupac and eminem
that i 'm going to put up with misogynistic bullshit because " i really need this job "
as long as the secret does n't affect him and did n't constitute a lie or impacting thr relationship , i personally do n't believe i owe my husband a total insight into my mind for the simple reason that i had a really really really really abusive and traumatic childhood and he does n't need to know stuff that would make him see my family in a bad light or feel bad for me . he 's too gentle too mild and too good for his own good and i just want them to keep thinking i 'm also ok
it 's a fat load
roe vs . wade being overturned .
your submission has been removed because this question contains a post title or topic that is already active or commonly discussed . we are not accepting any new submissions regarding this post / topic this time so please search the subreddit using keywords before reposting . you can view our faq [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) or search the subreddit . you can always go to r / findareddit to find the right place for your post . if you think you received this message in error , link your post & please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was auto-removed for asking for asking about a commonly asked subject . " & message =) . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i think it 's worked for me three times , so yeah i recommend it .
hello catcomplete 6473 . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i started using disks because you can have period sex without the mess . there was definitely some trial and error when it came to inserting and removing but you get used to it . there 's a youtube channel called period nirvana that i used for research on disks .
i love when my boyfriend opens doors , carries heavy stuff , offers me his jacket when i 'm cold , kisses my hands etc etc . i love it even more that he does these things not because he thinks i 'm weak or incapable but because he wants to make me feel special . it works .
another damn war , especially if it happens on home soil . getting a score below a 95 % on a test coming up . that i will scrape the paint on a conduit . the inevitable deaths of my grandparents .
i hope he stays with us for many years .
have you guys heard of olga of kiev ?
losing my husband in any way , he 's my best friend , he has heart conditions and has slow heartbeats and has a heart failure condition so he has a pacemaker in , everyday i get so scared of something happening with his pacemaker and i lose him i 'm so scared
still living with my parents .
ugh , i want to love the disc . i hated the one cup i tried . i tried the disposable discs and they seemed okay for light days , but that 's it . i did buy the nixit disc when it was on sale and tried it for a few months , but i still can't get it to work properly . i also do n't want to keep spending $ 50 + dollars on new items to keep testing .
they do n't . but some dresses man ! ! !
hyperinflation . things are becoming ridiculously expensive . i go to the grocery stores and the shelves are empty . wth .
1 . i do n't have to be perfect . 2 . expressing my feelings does n't make me disobedient or disrespectful . 3 . i do n't need to stay busy 24/7
i 'd go to bed at 9-10 pm , sleep at 1am then wake up at 6am . i take naps sometimes , around 3-4 pm .
your comment has been removed because : your karma is too low to participate on askwomen . you will be able to participate when your karma has increased . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
your submission has been removed : graceless generalizations are not permitted * people are not a hive mind . * speak only for yourself . * * do not * * * generalize across all people of a gender , race , or ethnicity . * ask for mind reading . * ask for us to defend / explain / justify other people 's behaviors . * assume that all people in a gender , race , or ethnicity do / think something . * ask for " male equivalent " / " female equivalent " as these would not exist for most things due to different cultural processes . * exceptions : discussion of cultural norms ; quotations * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
depends on whether or not men exist in said world . if it 's just women since the beginning of time , then i 'm not sure what they would be conditioned to act like .
uhh i do n't get through a whole roll in a few weeks . what are you guys eating ?
i 've always found leggings more uncomfortable than most lounge clothes , idk why people love them so much , but everyone seems to so it 's probably me lol
your comment has been removed because : your karma is too low to participate on askwomen . you will be able to participate when your karma has increased . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
whenever someone asks me what i 'm watching ( 90day ) , i tell them do n't worry it 's not worth your life :loudly_crying_face:
if you 're nervous about not ‘ performing ' well , i 'd just think of all the times you have had bad sex . personally i 've had sex with some guys who sucked and did n't bother to get me off and did n't feel any shame about it . and i do n't really think about these incidents anymore . so just thinking about how bad sex happens and people just move on from it ... that reassured me .
third on ozark !
your submission has been removed : graceless generalizations are not permitted * people are not a hive mind . * speak only for yourself . * * do not * * * generalize across all people of a gender , race , or ethnicity . * ask for mind reading . * ask for us to defend / explain / justify other people 's behaviors . * assume that all people in a gender , race , or ethnicity do / think something . * ask for " male equivalent " / " female equivalent " as these would not exist for most things due to different cultural processes . * exceptions : discussion of cultural norms ; quotations * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
silk sheets
i had very heavy flow and these were a disaster . crime scene in the work bathroom stall level . blood to my wrist trying to get that slippery overflowing thing out of me .
exactly
a surprise birthday party for them
do n't let the algorithm eat your brain
lol i 've never looked , but also have n't found someone .
your submission has been removed : this is a common topic or recently asked question . please have a look at the front page , use the search bar , or have a look at our faq . we do not allow questions that needlessly exclude minority demographics . please use [ inclusive phrasing ] ( HTTPURL ) . limiting responses to majority demographics is not permitted . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
your submission has been removed : for a large , large number of users , you are asking them to tell you about actual children masturbating . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
practice mindfulness . every negative thought you have , tell yourself the opposite . it feels fake at first but after a while it sinks in and you begin to feel amazing and grateful for every single day . treat yourself like you would a loved one . practise being present in the moment , in the now . read books about manifesting your desires . do yoga . love yourself :red_heart: :red_heart:
it 's all about what you expect . usually , when you 're not looking for someone , you have no expectations , so it 's easier to actually enjoy every bit of what it 's being build there . when you are looking for a specific someone , you already have a “ draft ” on your mind , like , you want a person with that personality , that does those things ...
how much money i make .
indifferent . what someone uses to get off does n't concern me .
i agree with this . i do n't purposely keep secrets , but i also do n't think my husband needs to know every thought i have or everything i 've ever done in my life .
i did this a few years ago and it was - sort of . my nemesis is dusting and so was hers ... next person i 'll be very specific that i need dusting done . otoh the floors and bathrooms were amazing
i would be quite impressed , it 's a turn on for sure
your submission has been removed because your title does not include a question mark . please ensure your title is properly formatted to be a descriptive , open-ended question . if you think you have received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for lacking a question mark " & message =) . thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i 'd think its great that he 's unafraid to explore his own sexual interests like that .
i mean , there should n't be a need for secrets imo . besides presents of course . if a partner has curiosity i will tell them any answers and expect them to do the same . being secretive or hiding things will only cause problems .
hello reddittttttttttttz . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i used to live in a very safe small city and i would go for walks at all hours of the night ( temperature permitting ) . but my current area has terrible sidewalks and lighting , so i try not to go for walks after dark for fear that i 'll be hit by a car .
ohhhhh i admit to liking those haha ! 90 day fiance ?
your comment has been removed because : your karma is too low to participate on askwomen . you will be able to participate when your karma has increased . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
it 's phony . you 'll be alone fooorrrreeeevvveeeerrrr .
awww this is so sweet , you deserve this same words but multiplied by 5 :) :sparkling_heart: :sparkling_heart: :sparkling_heart:
" discover my first experience " ? ? ? i found porn on the internet
i think its nonsense , i dont look for a while now and i 'm still alone . how about once you start working on yourself and getting your own life together you will be more ready for someone ?
your comment has been removed because : your karma is too low to participate on askwomen . you will be able to participate when your karma has increased . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
your submission has been removed because this question contains a post title or topic that is already active or commonly discussed . we are not accepting any new submissions regarding this post / topic this time so please search the subreddit using keywords before reposting . you can view our faq [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) or search the subreddit . you can always go to r / findareddit to find the right place for your post . if you think you received this message in error , link your post & please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was auto-removed for asking for asking about a commonly asked subject . " & message =) . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
less than 1 . i feel like i only use 1-2 rolls per month . i bought one of those giant costco packs of tp during the great tp crisis of early 2020 . i just started the last roll this week .
i think it 'd have same violent and aggression just different in degrees and ways
i 'd buy a house in the city i live , and a second house in the city my family lives in . i 'd rent out all but one of the rooms in the second house , keeping the smallest room for myself . i might also rent out the rooms in the house i was now going to live in as well .
sharing a toothbrush at any point is gross . it 's like sharing used toilet paper .
i had to pee .
not true , but setting the mindset " i need someone to love asap " does n't seem to help you find someone with real chemistry and build a strong relationship . that 's because you end up wanting someone you meet to be the one you have been looking for and end up forcing you to expect that he / she is the one and sorta blind yourself . not in every case of course , but personally , i would have these issues whenever i would look for someone actively .
the darkness thoughts i 've ever had . will probably never share that to anyone .
like do you actually get rid of the app from your phone or do you constantly delete and recreate your profile ?
historically ancient humanity were matriarchal with the oldest woman being a " shaman " or spiritual leader .
hello , / u / straight-problem - 686 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as it contains or solicits graceless generalizations . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
your final sentences are * french kiss * you bloody get it ! ! ! some people really do imply that you wanting someone is nudging at a lack of self-esteem / self-confidence . bro it has nothing to do with that , some of us just want someone to cuddle with on a tuesday night w a trashy film on tv .
asmr lol ( minus the eating .. really can't stand that lol )
because humans were n't meant to spend the majority of their existence slaving away at a meaningless job . the normal grind of modern survival is monotonous and soul-sucking . travel is an easy way to fulfill my need for novelty and exploration . my purpose is to experience as much of this big , beautiful , floating life support system that we call earth as i possibly can in whatever time that i get .
losing my husband in any way , he 's my best friend , he has heart conditions and has slow heartbeats and has a pacemaker in , everyday i get so scared of something happening with his pacemaker and i lose him i 'm so scared
i would buy the condo that i 've been saving up a downpayment for , put some into retirement , invest some , and donate the rest to a housing-first nonprofit .
being in the loo while someone is doing their business . my exes were strangely comfortable with me being there in case we had to talk asap or were in a rush , but i 'd never let them in while i was peeing or pooping .
i hate it honestly . i have been a long time " not looking for someone " and it does n't work lol . i do give chances or ask guys out but i just end up ghosted . i am tired . i will adopt a daughter in a few years if love is for me , good if it 's not then good too .
thank you for sharing . i 've never been in a relationship before so i feel you on that “ i enjoy being alone , but having someone would be nice , ” vibe . since your friends seem very inconsiderate in this department i 'll be the random reddit friend who says it : you deserve to have someone who supports you , loves you , embraces you for who you are . it 's okay to want someone , and most importantly , it 's human . friends are amazing . so is family . but for anyone to pretend you wanting romance is a reflection of your self-esteem are idiots , esp coming from the same mofos who currently have someone and gain validation & happiness from said ‘ someone . ' one day i hope you find that person who brightens your soul and tickles your heart . and on your loneliness night , do n't ever guilt yourself like “ omg i should be happy to be alone . ” fuck no . if you want someone you want someone .
this was told to me by a grandma on a cruise ship . the best first / low key date is getting messy lunch . foods that are messy to eat like saucy chicken wings or foods that you eat with your hands . she said it really relieves the first date jitters since it 's expected that you are going to make a mess . that 's how she knew her husband of 25 years would be the one . rated 5 stars on yelp .
i disagree . every job i 've ever had that 's majority ran by women has been full of catty bs , jealousy , drama , and just all around bad leadership . men def have their own flaws but i have found they tend to be less emotional and more likely to just get in , get the job done , and get out .
waiting and making sure i get inside safely before leaving .
your comment has been removed : [ derailing ] ( HTTPURL ) of the topic is not permitted . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
you can do techniques to calm you down , for sure . just like exercises used to down from a panic attack . but even in knowing this , and having more patience w myself and others on the road , i still catch myself popping off . we are going to have to accelerate our evolution significantly to handle the stress driving does as it floods the system . i 'm pulling this info from a national geographic documentary on stress . there were other subject matters in the doc but specifically i remember the traffic stress overload ... and the interview w the scientists studying those baboons when it happened . they were there studying the stress of the baboons low in the social order of the ... colony ? what do you call a bunch of baboons ?
your submission has been removed because your title does not include a question mark . please ensure your title is properly formatted to be a descriptive , open-ended question . if you think you have received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for lacking a question mark " & message =) . thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
your submission has been removed because this question contains a post title or topic that is already active or commonly discussed . we are not accepting any new submissions regarding this post / topic this time so please search the subreddit using keywords before reposting . you can view our faq [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) or search the subreddit . you can always go to r / findareddit to find the right place for your post . if you think you received this message in error , link your post & please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was auto-removed for asking for asking about a commonly asked subject . " & message =) . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
good luck changing it if it gets full and you 're in a public restroom . other than that i think they 're waaay better than tampons or liners
that 's all i want in life , someone to carry heavy shit . ive got some health issues so i can't carry much . anyone that knows me and carries things for me makes me feel cared for because i wo n't ask for help , but appreciate that they remember .
trauma stuff - which is annoying because every therapist and online expert says that i need to “ communicate ” and “ be open “ about these things . but when i 'm trying to show my best side to someone and make them want me , the last thing i want to bring up is some messy trauma from the past . so i 'll either : not tell him and i 'll be tense and distant and he will feel weird and ghost me . or i 'll tell him about my traumatic past and my anxiety around sex and he 'll feel pressured to deal with it all and ultimately ruin his fantasy of me in his head and he 'll ghost me .
the good toilet paper
they 're great ! do n't have to change them as often and you save so much $ $ ! i use the saalt cup and i like it a lot but i have nothing to compare it to bc it 's the only one i 've had .
me typing words on the internet is not going to change the state of the world .
when i cry during arguments , it 's mainly built up frustration but also being misunderstood by the other person . this most likely happens when me and the other person have poor communication between each other , i care too much to get into conflict with them , or they 're just not listening to me deeply
what are some of those reasons ? perhaps venting about those reasons may relieve some of the stress
caring too much about what other people think about me and my actions . my mom came from a little village in a country with a homogenous culture where every adult had the power to call out your bad behavior and you 'd get in trouble , so you had to care about what everyone thought , if you did n't want to be impacted for the rest of your life ( literally , had some kids cheat on a test in school as a small child and they would still not be trusted as an adult . it was wild ) .
i 'm turning 19 soon and have been on birth control due to high testosterone since i was 15 . i 've always had mild acne and the only thing that really helped was the ordinary line . ( if you 're looking to try something new . ) but as far as how i feel about my skin , i think something i realised through dating my current partner is that i 'm the only person who notices when i have a zit . in general , how often are you actually looking at other people 's skin ? i know i personally pay more attention to facial features than a person 's skin . i actually only just noticed that my partner had pretty dry skin and that 's because they started using some kheil 's stuff i got them for christmas and their face looks brighter . also , your so does not care if you have acne , they probably have n't noticed and if they have , they definitely do not care .
i feel the same way as you . most of my friends have been in long term relationships 3,5 , 8 years . i have only had one relationship that lasted more than a year and with a lot of years being single in between so when i express like " hey maybe i would like a partner " getting told " you should learn to be alone " like motherf.cker if i am more alone i am going to start naming my vibrators . i have a great life by myself though .
your comment has been removed : derailing the topic is not permitted . derailing includes but is not limited to : * changing the topic from op 's question * leaving a top-level comment when you 're not the target demographic * giving unsolicited advice * making someone else 's response about yourself * asking unrelated follow-up questions * branching into unrelated topics * " what-about " - ism * trying to start arguments , or debates * judging or rating other responses * meta comments about other responses * responding to comments to tell us how your dick feels . no one cares . for more information , please [ click here ] ( HTTPURL ) . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
having big ( ish ) boobs and a small butt . " nobody wants someone who 's shaped like a p " :downcast_face_with_sweat:
the painful part of being human ...
your submission has been removed : dipshits do n't know how to follow rules . like , for example : meta-posts are not permitted here . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
i tell him that he should tell the same thing to his doctor . luckily , he listens and is now on medication and doing a lot better .
your submission has been removed : dipshits do n't know how to follow rules . like , for example : meta-posts are not permitted here . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
i 'd rather know how they 're doing than let things fester .
yep , i get your situation and it makes sense . sorry my initial comment was digressing a bit from the original topic anyways :)
this post has been removed - we are not a subreddit for personal evaluation , advice , recommendations , or validation . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post
they follow down the same path i took .
rolling eyes with a combo of resting bitch face
he 's a lovely person and i 'm sure you 've discovered that , but you should realize that he 's very conflict-averse and things can get real bad before you even realize anything is wrong on his end .
ferrets are so cute and have such fun personalities , but i would n't want to sleep with one either :squinting_face_with_tongue:
i had the same issue at some point , but it went away when i started following more pages with people similar to me rather than different / idealistic to society . really helps normalizing yourself internally .
& #x200b ; where do you live that people dont say thank you and excuse me ?
incels would be on an askwomen subreddit
a steel water bottle lmao . i 've never actually had to use it yet but i 've always thought that out of all the things in my bag that 's definitely what i 'm gonna grab first
i recognize that most pictures of female influencers are fake . either the pictures are altered , or the person herself is completely fake ( as in plastic surgery ) . why would i feel insecure about that ? i find myself pretty the way i am and i do n't need filters or a nose job to feel comfortable in my body . i mostly look at memes on social media , so my feed is full of them . even so , i can't fully escape photos of fake women like the kardashians , but you can definitely influence what you see by not clicking on those pics or liking them .
i fall asleep around 1am - 3am and wake up anytime between 5am - 7am . i hate it . especially when i wake up once or twice between that window .
you wo n't be the only one finding these type of men attractive . gear up for competition or lower your expectations .
@USER r / tinder haha
when i first had sex . i was a bit nervous but my ex gave me confidence when he started complimenting my body .
i 'd take empathy , kindness and love over a good face , body and height any day .
i like my ginger hair even tho most people hate me for it
my friend asked me , in front of a group of other friends , who cooked better my boyfriend or her ? ( and my had was present ) . i ended up saying you both cook differently but just seemed very inappropriate . same friend was also friends with a gentleman named harry . harry and her were a weird fwb like they 'd cuddle naked and maybe had sex once or twice . turns out harry had a girlfriend the whole time . but my friend genuinely did n't know . they stopped messing around once she knew . anyways harry introduced my friend to his girlfriend and they got along ... my friend would hang out with them as a couple and their friends a handful of times ... i 'd tell her what she 's doing is n't cool . she needs to stop hanging out with them because the girlfriend has no idea you were “ the other girl ” . even if you did n't know she existed that 's who you are .. and that 's not very cool of you ( and him ) to both know now and still hang out with his girlfriend . anyways she said it was n't her fault that harry did n't tell her . and she 's been going through a rough time and harry has been her emotional crutch . and that none of this was her fault ... this girl is 32 years old :grimacing_face:
going through this thread and i have each one of these things i should be insecure of but i am not . from broad shoulders to crooked teeth to hooked nose . fun fun
it 's a mentality that puts girls against girls , it isolates us from eachother and teaches us to see everyone as competition . it tells us that most girls are bad , self centred , snotty or any other negative gender based stereotype , whilst you are good or different or better than other girls . it 's taught to us from a pretty young age to not be like the other girls because it appeals to a male audience . how many times does a women hear or think ' youre not like the other girls ' and it 's meant to be a compliment . what is so wrong or horrible about ' girls ' that you feel insulted being classed as ' one of them ' ? the answer is that there is nothing wrong with being one of those girls , because every girl is a whole person with their own personality and interests . the ' im not like other girls ' troupe is just another tool the patriarchy uses to keep women in ' their place ' through societal expectations and praises with negative connotations . all girls are girls , and they 're all beautiful whole people . i do n't know if any one can fully explain the weight of this phrase through a comment on reddit but i do hope this helps you understand a little bit better !
i started plucking my brows at 15 because everyone including my mom told me to . she did it for me in a shape she thought was tasteful and appropriate aka skinny and arched . they fortunately grew back and now i rock my natural straight and thick shape and everyone asks me what i use for my brows .
no returns
brie larson or daisy ridley .
never met one , surprisingly enough
i 'm a black lady and i find very pale dudes attractive .
as a child i would sleep with all my stuffed animals ( about 9 or 10 ) in a close circle around me . made me feel safe and secure , and i 'd sleep soundly with good dreams . without them the dark was a little scary .
i like skin that has old acne scars . i do n't know why .
i mean a great ass can make up for lack of boobs
by losing my number and never contacting me again
well , i am overweight , i have a gray streak like rouge from x-men , i have crows feet and a few wrinkles . a lot of woman hide their gray and get their wrinkles fixed but i absolutely love mine . the older i get the more i look like my grandmother . she is absolutely beautiful . i 'm working on the overweight part . it 's the only thing i want to change . i want to be a healthier version of me .
not even men who consider themselves incels . this is why women tend to be less direct or overly polite to men when they are n't interested . they 're afraid of the dude 's pride being injured and them becoming angry , which in my experience is too common . " angry " can be raising his voice and calling you slurs and / or something more , and it 's not worth the risk if you 're alone .
i have a round face with fairly full cheeks . i used to look like a cabbage patch doll and got bullied relentlessly , but as i 've got older i 've grown into it and do n't really look my age .
this is kinda fucked up imo
you 've got mail around christmas time , even though it 's not technically a christmas movie , and 2005 pride and prejudice .
im 7am to 12pm and i hate my life
how stella got her groove back the bodyguard waiting to exhale
yeah , i saw a lot in inte subreddit dating advice .. also just askreddit on certain threads so i also i unsubbed . i feel much comfortable here
my crooked teeth
god my curiosity is peaking
i only follow my friends and news sites or meme pages . i do n't follow " influencers " or anything do with beauty or fashion or makeup or anything like that .
* * bras * *
really wide feet - hard to find cute shoes that fit bit on the bright side i never fall over ! ! hahaha
usually when i 'm the one making it
very much enjoys the attention of other women .
lol . satan in a human skin suit .
that he is a sweet man , but does n't understand how to handle his emotions and as such will require you to take that burden . it 's not your responsibility and please look after yourself and make sure you do n't pour too much energy into keeping him happy . he is a grown man and should learn to deal with his trauma and regulate his emotions himself . for example going to a therapist .
i have that too , like a contralto voice . is very rare in women and i think is very unique . i got contrasting opinion on it , some people find it sexy / nice others think it 's too masculine but i learnt to love it .
constantly on the defensive . ' yeah but you ... is his favorite rebuttal instead of taking responsibility for being a dick . thinks getting louder will save him .
between 10 am and noon . wake up usually about 4 pm and 5 pm .
my ex was an incel . when we met he was a virgin . i remember he used to complain how women used him and were all sl # then when we were together he used to try to flirt with my friends and because they did n't respond to it , he started isolating me . he did n't want me to have a life or any independence at all , he used to ridiculize me about any aspect . he wanted me to keep fit and fuckable but he only wanted me to go to his gym with him . then , many bad things happened involving his family , then my career and i got depressed beyond comprehension . he tried to guilt tripped me about how my suicide attempt made him look bad , also he tried to gaslight one of my bff to think i was an abuser , which of course did n't went well for him . he also did n't me to visit my mom , so he went with me , of course he made me pay . i remember i was fed up one day and cut all my hair and then suddenly he did n't want me . luckily our relationship started to drift . anyways , after the breakup , he tried us to get back , he only did it because he knew i was much better , i was gaining my confidence back , and while i was traveling he contacted ally friends and family and tried to guilt tripped them into convincing me to get back together because " he was dying " . i never yield . until today he is still blocked . he made a tiktok account talking crap about me . if he ever tried to get close to me or my family ( specially my son and husband ) i swear i 'd beat him to the pulp like he did with me and then i 'd get a restraining order .
same , i fake tanned for a few years because i always got called sickly and unwell for being pale and it just got so ridiculous . my skin looks good because i wear factor 50 sunscreen and cover my face in the sun . meanwhile people who worshipped sunbeds are having preventable skin cancers removed .
me and my so have very different opinions on some topics that are really important to me , so much that i almost can not tolerate him thinking differently than me , so i will get really stressed not knowing how to handle his opinion and still love him . finally , i understood is important not to be so demanding with him or anybody that thinks differently , because ultimately he 's a good person and loving partner , so i grew to be ok with his points of view e . g . in politics . after a debate there is a lot of tension , finally , we decide to just hug each other and talk out our minds while we keep the physical contact to show acceptance somehow . i really admire him for not running away when i was telling him about very dark moments that i had to go through . he just kept hugging me and encouraged me to cry if i wanted to . usually , i would not show weakness for fear of rejection like my bad ex always rejected me . i am so glad i did n't kick out my so for having different opinions , he always finds a way to make things better and i hope to do the same for him .
happy cake day
if you are looking to always be wrong , you came to the right man ! :thumbs_up: :thumbs_up: :thumbs_up: hope you hate yourself as much as he hates you .
i live in europe and it does n't exist here ( or it 's very confidential ) .
yes , they 're annoying and only want to be friends because they 're hoping it will lead to more ... wait that 's all guys ...
i would n't settle for anything less than sacrificing himself to a volcano god .
workdays : 01am - 07 am weekends : 03am - 11am
i 'm like too . i can not fall asleep before 7 am and am up by noon . it scares me how much is written on how lack of sleep derails every aspect of ones life .
in freshman year it was n't so bad at all . i wore tripp pants and combat boots with band tees . within the next three years , it gradually got stricter . we never had uniforms when i was there , but we had so much shit we were n't allowed to wear . i was n't having it , so i took detentions quite a few times , lol .
we would love to get ferrets , so they 're a bit too wiggly and a lot too small and stinky for that . i love them dearly , but i wish not to smell perpetually of ferret lol , and i 'd always be terrified of rolling over and crushing or suffocating them .
simu liu
not at all for me !
i mean you could just show them the rise of skywalker since that 's a pretty good example of what racism and sexism get you
i 've just used these post laparoscopic excision of endometriosis - game changer ! ! they 're so good ! i hate pads with a passion so it was immediately so much more comfy with the period undies & when recovering from surgery , comfy is essential ! the brand i used are bonds - not sure if they 're exclusive to australia but i highly recommend them , even just for overnights .
i sleep with all my live animals each night - 2 little dogs and 3 cats ( our large dog sleeps in his own bed on the floor beside us ) . start out sleeping pet free but they all creep in in the middle of the night , so we all wake up together in the morning .
the fact that im 6 ' 7 and i almost touch every door with my head ;)
i guess it 's not physical appearance , but i 'm 28 and i love getting excited and happy about small things - like bubbles and balloons and happy animals - to the point where i physically get hyper and happy because of these small things . people have told me it 's childish and i need to tame myself . but i just feel like we 're all living in the grown up world with adult stress like finances , whether or not our work is adequate etc . why should i not allow myself child like excitement and happiness ? physical appearance , this is hard , but i used to be very semiconscious about my cheek dimples , but lately i love them very much .
ahh grey hairs come have a lightening like appearance . it 's like they purposely stuck out lol i curse at my greys .
yes , once in high school . he was n't very popular , he was made fun of repeatedly from other kids . i , myself , being one of them . i used to feel bad but now , not so much anymore . we were at a party . the first party of the year , he was invited to it as a joke and he actually turned up even though he was n't supposed to . no one was talking to him . as someone who had past experience of people ignoring me at the party , i thought i 'd be the one to go up to him and talk to him . had a little bit of a chat , danced a little . as more people began rocking up , getting drunk , i found myself somewhere else bue ended up running into him again . i was immediately asked by him “ how many drinks have you had ? how drunk are you ? ” he then proceeded to explain his story abour how hes always wanted love but these stupid sluts at our school would choose the handsome chads over him . he then attempted to grope me . i immediately threw my drink over him and told me to leave me the fuck alone and if i saw or heard him doing the same shit he did to me that night , i 'd twist his balls so hard they turn purple . fucking disgusting .
oh gross . i 'm so sorry .
i swear i 've read your story about the hour long wot video before . you 've told it more on reddit ?
i do n't follow accounts that post shit that makes me feel bad , for starters . the internet is for looking at pictures of cats and bad things happen when we stray from this core truth .
i did n't see the point until i had some colors bleed onto each other and ruin them and then i started separating them . you live and you learn ! and i do n't want to ruin more clothes . lol
i would not like it
my first ex ? i 'd have positive things to say . he 's developed emotional intelligence , will always be honest , and will talk your ear off about any topic that interests him . my second ex ? " you 're going to hate him within a month . "
height i 'm 5 ' 10 as a woman men do n't like that .
i need to do this , and totally dreading it but i think it 's the only way .
normally i sleep from 7 pm - 3 pm since my sleep schedule changes every week if not days . on some occasions , i sleep at 4pm and wake up at 2 or 3 in the morning then it repeats . but currently , i sleep at around 6-8 pm and wake up at 5 am . so basically it 's confusing and changing .
i try to always send emails with compliments if i receive exceptional service & the responses are always appreciative ! it is also such a nice feeling to give credit where it is due
it 's almost like they hate women , huh ?
was he also upset that you have a vagina ?
hey ! former dry cleaner employee - we honestly just use that exact same ( store bought ) seam cutting tool they 're referring to - it just takes a little time , focus , and steady hands , but i promise if i could do it , you absolutely could too ( if you were so inclined ) . they cost like 4 $ - i know most people who have the dry cleaner do things often have the money to do it and value the convenience , but just a friendly tip from someone who used to work there ( i often try to advise people in ways they could save money rather than using a dry cleaner wherever possible ) .
will look into it
[ everything dies ] ( HTTPURL ) by type o negative .
i seriously hate wearing bras but i have to bc although i have tiny boobs , my nipples are huge lol and they stick out soo much !
hate my freckles - i 'm 40 and they make me feel like a kid .
he 's great until it 's time to really commit , got anger issues and does n't want kids , they are now married with a kid on the way , when i was told about the baby i wanted to scream at her ! omg lady can you not see the kid he already has that he completely ignores and does n't pay child support for ? ! i 'm just waiting for her to become a single mom with a husband that only pretends to care when people are watching . then became a single mom for real when she has enough of that . i hope he 's changed for the baby 's sake , but i do n't think so ... going back in time 3 years to when they 'd first met , had she asked my opinion , i 'd have told her to run , stay the f away from dead beat dad 's with anger issues . my son 's 6 years old now and recently told a classmate he does n't have a father , but he has mom 's bf and grandpa . not gonna lie , i cried when i heard !
i like bod butts and i can not lie
self esteem !
i 'd ask if they really hated themselves so much as to want to destroy their mental , physical and emotional health by getting involved with satan in a human skin suit .
i was thinking the same exact thing !
an m & p shield and dagger eyes .
thank you for sharing , i 'm going to steal that response !
firstly unfollow anyone or anything that makes you feel that way . follow accounts / pages that bring joy , knowledge , etc . you may be comparing yourself when what is presented to you is completely unrealistic . so many photos are edited , photoshopped and made to look good with perfect angles and such . if you want to see how easy it is to completely change an image just search “ social media is fake ” on tiktok . i am yet to see somebody in real life that looks like what is presented on social media . i see beautiful , unique women everywhere and comparing yourself and trying to hold yourself to unrealistic beauty “ standards ” is not healthy . i would recommend even taking some time away from social media every now and again , practice self care and make time to do things that make you feel good about yourself . and of course if the issue is impacting your life and you are struggling seek therapy if you are able to , to get to the root of the issue . much love
i think since the pandemic a lot of this got worse as more people have moved themselves into social media and been exposed to the echo chambers . i remember when / r / incels got banned and there was a fair pushback and everyone on reddit seemed to be against anything that had hints of the ideology , since then many of their views seem to pop up on different subs from time to time .
i would n't . they received * ample * opportunity to do so when we were together ( and i 'm speaking of my two latest relationships ) . with one of them , i turned the other cheek when i knew he was cheating . i should have dumped his ass . so , if he could n't correct his wrongdoings when we were together , tough luck !
my height and weight . 5 ' 6 210 lbs , muscular . but according to bmi , i must be obese .
tmj is horrible , hope it goes away completely you
your submission has been removed : this sort of question is not what this subreddit is for . try using r / findareddit for a more appropriate place to ask it . moderators reserve the right to remove posts that are not in the best interest of the community . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
man do i miss the olive bar . they 've been shut down in my area for almost two years because of covid .
hello , / u / toughfight , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as it contains or solicits graceless generalizations . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
my mom is a great cook , everyone always says so . my mom 's number one recipe is what we call hawaiian meatballs . it 's from betty crocker 's cookbook . it 's called sweet and sour meatballs in the cookbook . homemade meatballs in this amazing sauce . served with rice and peas usually . also good with canned rolls , as little sliders . i have never made them and do n't know if i ever could . i still ask for them at my birthday dinner every year . the cookbook naturally opens to that page because it 's the recipe she uses most from that book . it 's dirty from oil splatters and sauce spills .
this should be at the top .
and in tights ? how is this even a question ? ! to keep legs warm or hide unshaven legs , obvs 🤷🏻‍♀
those oreo skinnies are absolutely addicting
not a scene but the whole film ‘ taxi driver ' made me wildly uncomfortable and disgusted . i watched it with a bunch of men ( bf 's family who i 'm super close to ) and they all liked it , until i explained why it made me feel awful . it 's beautifully shot and aesthetically pleasing at times , but man , my skin was crawling after watching it .
outlander season 1 finale immediately comes to mind ... it 's hard to watch .
butter , extracts , and sugar . i have fallen in love with baking and i can now see , feel , and taste the difference . nothing better than a luxury pastry .
your submission has been removed because your title does not include a question mark . please ensure your title is properly formatted to be a descriptive , open-ended question . if you think you have received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for lacking a question mark " & message =) . thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
username checking in . i love lolita as a reclaim having been sexually molested in the past . i am a nabokov fan in that i think he did a good job demonstrating the weird mental gymnastics predators go through and how humber is the king of unreliable narrators . it 's based on a true story actually you should look it up .
having twins with no family to help . we did blow up at eachother sometimes and had really tough moments where we did turn against eachother . but i am really proud of how we managed to cool down later and recognize that all the anger and frustration was due to exhaustion and stress . we mamanged to resolve it every time .
what is boxed protein mac n cheese ? is it a specific style ?
it 's a bit for a late night show . they probably pre planned it to some degree .
i live near an absolute grove of these . i can mail them to you when they 're in season if you want lol
having a lovely christmas in our new house ... my husband and i called our cats and dog into the living room to open gifts and they all came running and settled in to receive presents and watch us open ours . it was so sweet .
literally same . suicide and stuff does n't really bother me but the way she 's just hanging there and jolie 's just eating it all up . she was so bloated . just ugh . favorite movie ever but that part recently hurt me a lot because i 've been dealing with suicidal ideation .
uncomfortable because it 's not true
i watched that with my friend on a sleepover and we nearly changed it cause we were uncomfortable
i dont know why but i love the bacon egg and cheese toaster scramblers .
why is it so good ? ? i just do n't understand .
not grocery , but always tampons and pads . i buy some of the most expensive because it 's not a fun time to the month for me , so if i can make it a little better by buying products that i feel confident i then i will do it .
r / skweezyjibbs vibes over here .
i 've never tried erithritol . stevia has made me suspicious of all sugar substitutes because it tastes like chemicals . how does this taste ? ?
your submission has been removed : this is not a sub for personal advice , evaluation , validation ( including " does anybody else ___ ? " questions ) , or recommendations . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
hello , / u / afraid_fall _5750 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as questions are required to be descriptive and open-ended . the title to your post must be a descriptive question . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
i 'm from india ; i think in the hospital with my partner present !
that sounds horrific . my two year old was once held at knock point in an attempt to rob me and i fended hil off by screaming obscenities . i do n't think he was actually going to stab him but i was so scared .
your submission has been removed : titles must be descriptive and open-ended questions . yes / no , either / or , dae ( does anyone else ) and option list questions are not open-ended . we do not allow questions that needlessly exclude minority demographics . please use [ inclusive phrasing ] ( HTTPURL ) . limiting responses to majority demographics is not permitted . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
hello , / u / balconyswing , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post breaks multiple rules . please do not repost without consulting with moderation first . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
i had a long labour and found pushing to be much nicer that just lying there and dealing with the pain . it was nice to actually do something about it .
amazing ! ' tis nothing but a scratch "
keep strong
there is a frozen lasgna that i always used to just go crazy on . but now it runs out so fast , i would be lucky to find one package . they were like $ 4-5 per one package / one meal .
amazing reflex response
1000 % fresh deli meat is so much better
i have a really hard time trusting my instincts because for a fair amount of my childhood and adolescence i was taught to tamp down my feelings , i 'm too sensitive , etc . when i started dating my husband , i knew he was it for me . i never thought i 'd get married or have kids because i came from a family of single mothers who told me that you could n't ever trust a man . but i just had this undeniable feeling that he was trustworthy , that he would never purposely hurt me , that we would be a good team . we have been together over 20 years , married almost that long , and have kids together ; our relationship is stronger than ever .
omg , almost threw up while watching the first movie . tried but can't finish part 2 , that was traumatizing .
congrats ! ! :sunflower:
your comment has been removed : [ derailing ] ( HTTPURL ) of the topic is not permitted . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
work friend was a secretary during that time , and told me that no one would take me seriously in cheap pantyhose . i was mortified because i did n't think anyone cared to notice . : o she 'd be proud of me today ... oroblu almost all the way these days .
i love the sopranos , but the rape scene of the therapist was absolutely horrific .
removed for derailing . if you have any questions , please message the moderators through the mod mail link on the sidebar .
wow . that 's a crazy ride of a trip to ed . good on your for insisting . impressive . and yes it definitely counts .
ugh i saw this like a year before i had a baby and that scene will just randomly pop up in my head . i think one of the most intensely primal feelings a human can have is a mother protecting her newborn so that scene ( more precisely , the sound ) really lingers .
my dad would occasionally make us kraft mac and cheese with tuna and pees . i 'll make it from time to time as comfort food and is still a solid taste , i miss my dad 's cooking haha . he 'd also make bomb chili but he slightly changes his recipe each time so i can't really replicate it
the whole last chunk of ” the orphanage . ” i was 8 + months pregnant with kiddo 2 , and kiddo 1 was under 2 years old , i could not sleep for like the 2-3 day in a row , maybe cat naps here and there . got up around 2 am after tossing and turning , came out to hubby watching the movie ( cause he knows i am already not good with horror movies ) and i end up watching along with him - huge mistake ! kids are now 13 & 11 and i still have an occasional panic causing dream that makes me go check my kids !
mmm goat gouda
your submission has been removed : removed for being indistinguishable from fap fodder . we do not allow questions that needlessly exclude minority demographics . please use [ inclusive phrasing ] ( HTTPURL ) . limiting responses to majority demographics is not permitted . please use the [ penis faq ] ( HTTPURL ) . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
not a scene in a movie but the episode of the sopranos where dr . melfie gets attacked and raped .
i wish there was a sub dedicated to adhd eating . i need help !
:red_heart: :red_heart: :red_heart:
are you me ? lol . i 've been growing my hair out for five years from a buzz cut . got a wild hair last week and shaved the right side off . i just got so tired of how thin the hair on the side of my head is , and how tangled it gets . it 's cool af , and i bet you 're rocking the hell out of it :red_heart:
for me , there are two that immediately stick out . the first , the scene in django where the dogs rip apart the enslaved man . i can't even remember what point of the movie it 's in , but i have to skip it every single time i see the scene being set up . because not only is the scene just horrific and brutal , knowing that this was something that was actually done to people makes my stomach churn . i think the reality behind it is what disturbs me more than the scene itself . second , there is a scene in sympathy for lady vengeance where the main character discovers tapes of the children that were kidnapped ( not trying to spoil anything ) . idk what they said to these kids to make them react the way they did , but these children seemed legitimately terrified and they were like sobbing . it was so hard to watch , even though i knew the kids were actors . their reactions just seemed so real and it was so upsetting to me .
pretty great , i started working at a very nice coffee shop near my school , classes were light this week , i got to see friends , exercise , read , thrift and i enjoyed time alone too . it generally has been awesome , i also have been feeling very insecure about how my face looks but it 's okay deep down i know i 'm worthy , but sometimes it gets me
i want to have children to grow my family . i want to impart my life experience on a new generation . i also view children as a symbol of hope . i am happy to be alive , and i have been very fortunate . i want to give that gift of life to another being . so pretty much all the usual reasons . i recognize the challenge the future presents , but i think growing up poor has given me a different perspective on this matter . life does n't have to be perfect to be enjoyable and have meaning . humans can do amazing things , and have done amazing things to improve our living standards and create a better world over all . it is a many generations process , and those generations need to exist for this change to happen . honestly , i am surprised , to say the least , when i hear people bemoan our general circumstances as a society and declare it to be a reason not to have children . our lives are so much better today than in the past . of course , we are better off * in general , * so some people are not as fortunate . some people live where there is a constant threat of violence . i work with refugees today , and i meet those people all the time . although , they are some of the most hopeful people i have ever met . perspective really matters . i understand this is judgmental and based on my own perspective , so i can't have 100 % certainty . i just suspect that the reason so many people in wealthy countries say hyperbolic things about humanity being doomed is because they have lived such privileged and comfortable lives relative to their ancestors and other less fortunate people , they lack perspective . we are more likely to take things for granted when we feels secure in them whether that be security , food , housing , healthcare , or relationships . when people have always been secure in most of life 's necessities , it is harder for them to appreciate or even recognize their fortune .
i 'd quit with makeup , but i 'd still wear what i like .
how long you been stalking me lmao
under the skin ( 2003 ) where scarlett johansson leaves a baby on the beach to cry and die ( ? ) ... i had to stop watching the movie . i 've never seen the whole thing .
flew across an ocean to meet a guy in person for the first time and stay with him for 2 weeks . ( i 'm in an ldr with a guy from the uk and covid meant we could n't meet in person for 9 months basically . ) and yes , he 's an absolute gem ! :smiling_face:
try chopping under water or in a bowl of cool water . i have an onion intolerance and it works . it 's kind of awkward but it works .
hello , / u / ingridbashful , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as questions are required to be descriptive and open-ended . the title to your post must be a descriptive question . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
your submission has been removed : this is not a sub for personal advice , evaluation , validation ( including " does anybody else ___ ? " questions ) , or recommendations . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
me , sitting here in an owl onesie with a stuffed animal thinking seriously about this question while my fiance plays a bmx video game beside me . but in all seriousness , it comes down to emotional maturity , the ability to think about the consequences of their actions , and their ability to be responsible for themselves and their house / pets / job etc .
good for you :thumbs_up:
steaks , especially the ones marked down at their use by date .
yes to jarlic ! worth the convenience to me as well and not having garlic-smelling hands for days .
olive oil , bread , tomatoes . i would say chocolate , but i now mostly eat good quality chocolate chips from a wholesaler catering to chocolatiers .
oh my did these look amazing
we were only together for a couple months when i got sick . i had no expectation of him staying with me , it was a scary time and i could n't provide for him or myself . but he had me move in with me , was ok when i had to drop out of school and quit my job . he took care of mr and helped me support the nightmare that is being a woman in american health care bs . 6 years later we 're both turning 26 , i have a full time job , a better handle on my health , and he 's been by my side completely . i am so grateful to him and happy with him .
removed the facebook and instagram apps from my phone . i still have my accounts , just no apps . i 've been fairly prominent on social media since my senior year of high school ( i 'm 25 ) but those apps have really been negatively impacting me lately so for now , i 'm off them . i usually check my notifications about twice a week to see if i missed anything important but not lately . i 'm been finding i do n't really miss it , haha . twitter and snapchat are probably next soon .
all of them .
omg same it 's one of my favorite things to do
depends on what i 'm cooking . i try to make healthy foods but i 'm not using super lean beef to make a burger of disappointment . i have no idea what is a “ healthy ” body fat percentage for men or women off the top of my head . i 'd say my husband and i are both in decent shape but neither of us are focused on low body fat percentages or breaking records .
i do it and then if they tag along , i 'll offer some coffee or food
hello , / u / justsayhisweetie , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as questions are required to be descriptive and open-ended . the title to your post must be a descriptive question . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
imported cheese , good booze , and the fancy olives and cornichons from the olive bar .
haha what is cute . cats do happen to sleep even in the most uncomfortable positions , sometimes just to be adorable . edit : what type of species is she ?
it really makes a difference in my opinion . i just buy a bunch when it goes on sale
spices . they 're were like .. half the flavor from a meal comes from . i 'll be damned if i buy pre ground spices as well . i 'm slowly phasing out all of our preground stuff and will only be using whole seeds from now on .
cashew butter too ! it tastes like heaven .
it takes me no time at all to cut up my produce and i like to reduce plastic usage . they also upcharge quite a bit . i splurge elsewhere
removed for derailing . if you have any questions , please message the moderators through the mod mail link on the sidebar .
i went on a hike alone for the first time . i was nervous but once i got to the top , i had this incredible feeling of security and peace . it 's been a rough month so it felt amazing !
i only buy organic produce . i know it 's not a huge deal , but i got in my head so much about chemicals that i feel icky buying non organic . if it 's something like oranges or grapefruit where i will be peeling it , i do n't mind as much . & #x200b ; i also buy the better meats . i know there is no guarantee , but if i need to pay more for the animals to be treated better ... i will . voting with my dollar , i guess . i said better in the beginning too because to me , they seem to taste better as well . for example - happy egg . those eggs have such yellow yolk . they 're about the same as when you get eggs straight from a farm . yum yum yum .
pretty much any scene of violence where the perpetrator ( s ) are gleeful or laughing . that disturbs me because it makes it too real .
were there really that many ? i do n't remember any after the second , but i 'm not gonna go back to watch it and count . i feel like the nightingale strikes me as one where it 's actually integral to the movie and i did n't even slightly her the impression that it was reveling in it . the scenes were very hard to watch .
so are they going to magically suck all the carbon out of the atmosphere with their sympathy ? i get the need to feel positive about things , but this is just disingenuous .
i 'd like to think kids today will save us . but unfortunately my daughter and her friends . byt mostly my daughter has no faith that they or her generation will . i only go by her because shes super smart at the top of her class and is an amazing student and has a great heart . kinda scary she has no faith in her own peers .
frosted flakes ; never store brand . same with oreos ... never store brand .
what is this dill pickle salad mix ? ! i 've never seen it before but i must try it now .
banana pudding . my grandma was not a typical grandma who would make awesome homemade food . she made frozen lasagnas , microwave vegetables and mashed potatoes from a package . so naturally she made banana pudding with instant pudding and all that , but it was my favorite thing in the world . it 's super easy if you do it with instant pudding , nilla wafers , cool whip and bananas ... but it makes me think of summer time in my childhood with my grandma .
removed for invalidation . if you have any questions please message the moderators through the link on the sidebar
his abandonment issues . he tried abandoning me before i could him . when i refused to leave him alone ( not in a stalker way i promise ) he finally realized i am the person who wo n't abandon him no matter what . going on 9 years married and 16 years of love . there were separations and break ups in there but the love never stopped .
i wish there was a way to do freeze dried at home . it 's so , so expensive but so delicious .
can you please elaborate on how the kids of today will save us all ? because that 's just a ton of hopium piled on top of wishful thinking .
i was so sure my ex was cheating . even the doctor told me to get check for stis after an exam one day . still to this day , he deny it and i do n't know the truth 100 % . i do n't think it would matter now anyway . just something else to add to the long long list
like ... on myself ? 18ish , up to 21 is acceptable . on men ? i do n't really care that much , a healthy one , like 10-23 . on other women ? ditto , anything in the healthy range , so like ... 15-30 ish . in red meat ? i do n't know , whatever a filet contains , lean . for fish ? highly variable , everything from dover sole to toro is good . other animals ? leaner is better .
splice . when the husband sleeps with the created creature always makes my skin crawl .
how did you both change and create a more healthy relationship ?
yes , oh my god . or telling me im wrong about things that make me upset . my friend signed me up for a gift exchange this christmas , without asking me . it wasnt the gift exchange i was mad about , it was the fact that she signed me up before asking , and that just cranked up my anxiety to 100 because this now meant i had to get a gift for someone i probably didnt know . when i confronted her about she said i was being overly dramatic . it pissed me off , but i pushed it aside as i think she doesnt get what i was trying to say . she still brings it up and mocks me sometimes .
i read somewhere that the top reason why men pay for things like of , despite there being about eleventy billion hours of porn on the internet , is because the content creators actually message them back . even if it 's not sexual , they 're just happy that they 're getting attention from a hot / beautiful / sexy woman .
what do you mean by " they fear it means there 's something wrong with them " ?
that 's huge . do you get any respite ?
depending on the level of detail i would charge ... in the realm of 100 for a job like that . more if you have a full 5 piece ensuite , glass showers are tedious and take a long time to do properly . i however have been doing this a very long time and i cater to a very particular clientele , let 's just say i 'm the one you call when you 've fired every other cleaner for not doing a good enough job . i got my start at a company and i was the " fixer , " the one they sent when we had a client complain that someone else did n't do a good enough job and those are the clients that stayed with me when i left the company . damn good deal for them , too , owner charged $ 45 / hour , i only charged $ 30 . you would be able to find a cleaner who would do it for $ 70 but you get what you pay for , right ?
researcher . work itself is pressurizing as you are on the clock to publish before someone else does , but the fact that you need to renew you contract every 1 or 2 years ' time does not make it any better .
i work two part time jobs for 15 ish hours a week and then work freelance writing for a magazine . i 'm still in school so these are n't my ' career ' jobs but i do enjoy them and find them low-stress ! one job is in an upscale boutique so barely anyone walks in , and i get along with most of my coworkers so we always just chit chat , style women who come in and it 's nice knowing that when i lock the door the job is over . the other one is in marketing for a non-profit organization , everyone there is super understanding of mental health and needing a break and i know that they value every employee . i work on social media campaigns , posts , visuals , and for everyone there the work stops after 5pm . plus , they make a huge difference in our community which i love knowing that i am a part of
people make mistakes
i work in a call centre
deciding what i want to do with my life . everyone that i have graduated high school with are starting to get masters degrees . meanwhile , i 'm just over here stewing in my indecision and asking myself " how do you know what you want to do when you feel neutral on almost all the options ? "
i also use the library for 90 % of my reading . maybe once or twice i buy a book because i can't wait to read it and my library gets quite long queues for very popular books . used bookstores are my go-tos for older books that my library does n't have .
knitting , snowboarding and reading . reading is free just cause i live not far from a great library . as for snowboarding it depends , set with binders and boots costed me around 350 $ a while ago , plus some extras 100 $ , and every time one should pay for ski pass , prices vary widely . with knitting i have started recently , two scarfs costed me around 45 $ and i still have a lot of yarn leftovers ..
power card , do n't move , let them shoulder check you , and then make a big deal about it :smiling_face_with_halo: wo n't look too nice of a man causing pain to a woman
have a child
made me lie and a bad communicator . never felt “ heard ” because i was never asked . never felt trusted or that i could make good choices because i was n't permitted to ...
factsssss ... once u realized that those annoying people just do their job just keep ur head down and nod
charisma on demand is a fantastic channel ! i 've learned so much from it .
if you 're cheating it 's not a healthy relationship
terrible advice . it 's a matter of opinion . who the hell would actually know who loves them more ? how about marry the person who you feel very confident that you will want to stay with and believe you will love until the end of your life ?
an actual " not local " vacation ( have n't been on one in 2 + years because of covid ) and a hot tub ... maybe i 'm just cold and over winter hah
women / girls that talk with a vocal fry . why , just why ? !
i know for a fact that would not be low stress for me . glad it is for you though ! that 's awesome !
same with my father . i 've noticed it a lot lately now . growing up we had a restaurant he was the cook , “ a feminine job ” and we worked together . he would make his own food . i thought he did n't care about it , thought i had a cool , gender does n't matter dad . once he sold the restaurant he expected me or my mom to make him food , that he could n't make his own because he 's a man . i also noticed how i can explain to him something so into depth , yet he 'll take my younger male cousins insight over mine . or any males insight over mine . lol i know people 's trauma mostly stems from childhood . i wonder if there 's still something from your parents doing a 180 in your adult years
i have this exact same thing glad someone else has this too and that is so sweet of him :red_heart:
sucking your teeth . the noise infuriates me lol
most of my hobbies have a ( really ) big upfront costs but then the only cost afterwards is gas , gear maintenance , or camping money . rock climbing : about $ 1700 for all my gear . these purchases were spread out over the course of a few years when i got more and more into it . if i ever get really into aid climbing i 'll probably have to drop another $ 700 or so . about once a year i need new shoes or to resole old shoes for either ~ $ 150 or $ 50 . i 'll need to drop $ 200 or so on gear maintenance or replacing worn gear every few years . backcountry skiing : about $ 2500 upfront for skis , bindings , skins , boots , avalanche rescue gear , and an avalanche course photography : about $ 3000 for my first camera setup . then i dropped another $ 4500 on extra lenses , filters , tripod . spent $ 70 for a lightroom software that does n't expire and $ 70 on a fancy backpack clip . you could argue that my $ 1300 laptop and $ 100 external hard drives were a photography cost too since that 's most of what i use it for . embroidery : maybe about $ 7 per hoop . reading : free ! i only get books from the library . writing : free ? maybe $ 20 on a new journal every now and then . backpacking and hiking : probably about $ 800 for the upfront gear cost . i acquired most things over the course of several years and was tentless for a long time so it 's hard to say . paddleboarding : around $ 350 . yoga : like $ 20 for a mat that lasts years , and i 'll occasionally pay for a class , but otherwise free .
a year ? ? ? :loudly_crying_face: i pay € 159 a month in the netherlands
crossfit - $ 170 a month for membership plus $ 50-100 every 2-3 months to replace ( or tbh add ) a bra , top , leggings , or gear such as grips . videogames - average of $ 50 every 3 months ( the length of time it takes to " finish " one game and get the next . coffee - $ 220 initial outlay for grinder , chemex , filters , scale , kettle , and bag of beans . then $ 40 a month for specialty beans . ( but replaces my prior habit of $ 75 a month on starbucks , so , some savings ? )
well for one , i 've stopped being a morning or night showerer . i shower post-workout , whenever that is , and that 's usually my one shower for the day . but otherwise , yeah , it is a process . depending on the kind of workout i 'm doing , i also have to time my meals right , maybe find another time in the day to stretch or foam roll for recovery , and if i 'm actively trying to improve , there 's a weirdly large amount of mental time and energy that goes into planning the actual workouts and tracking my stats . and if i 'm doing something high intensity / high impact , i also _need_ to sit and do nothing for a while afterwards . sometimes people ask what i did over the weekend , and i say i did a trail run , and they 're like , " that 's it ? " but it was seriously my whole saturday .
that the other person does n't trust me because of past relationship trauma and therefore cheats " just in case " i am cheating , when i am not .
i have such a good one . okay , so i had an apartment when i was in my early 20s and needed a roommate . an acquaintance of mine and her fiance were looking for a place , so i said ok . i allowed them to split their half the rent , so basically , the fiance lived for free . i allowed their cat to move in , and i even allowed them to get a puppy , which was a huge mistake . they did n't train it or walk it enough , so it peed and pooped all over the house and in my bedroom on my bed . the whole apartment reeked . i furnished the entire apartment ; this was part of the appeal . all they needed to do was furnish their bedroom . i provided tv , sofas , coffee table , toaster , microwave , pots pans , silverware , and dishes . one day , i decided to get a parakeet . for all the reasons listed above , i did n't think i needed to ask my roommate , especially since the cage would be in my bedroom . well , she had a fit . she demanded i return it . i said no and basically told her to kick rocks . this resulted in her being extremely petty towards me she had a butter dish out , and i used some of her butter . i came into the kitchen one day and saw a sticky note on the butter that said , " please do not use our butter . " i lost it . i grabbed sticky notes and went crazy . i took everything in that apartment and put it in my room and in my bathroom . the tv , the coffee table ( could n't fit the sofa ) the microwave the toaster the pots and pans the dishes and silverware i took it all and put it in my room and placed sticky notes everywhere the items used to be that said " please do not use my tv , please do not use my pots and pans " etc . of course , she freaked out , and she paid rent in like dollar bills and coins to piss me off . we were on a month to month lease , so i found a new place to live , gave my 30 days notice to the leasing office , moved in with a friend for the last month , told my roommates what i was doing and they had a month to find a new place to live or take over the entire rent for the apartment , and turned off all the utilities since they were in my name , so power and wifi . once i did this , she started apologizing profusely and begging me not to turn off the power and wifi , but i told her again to kick rocks . the moral of the story is do n't bite the hand that feeds you .
i can't say for the library i work at because it 's close to 5 or 6 schools so it 's always chaotic and crowded . it 's not out of the ordinary when we tell people they should be quiet , should n't run , or should n't shout sometimes . the adults are easier to deal with because some of the kids that come in need to be escorted out by security , sometimes even banned for a day because they are rebellious or would n't listen . as for the adults , we only need to keep an eye on a few because they caused trouble for us before . we would only deal with trouble makers to a certain degree before we would call the police ( never actually did since security is always around ) .
charisma on command on youtube has a video that covers this to some extent . not sure if we can link directly but it 's about the psychology of onlyfans .
this this this . you described my uni experience to a t . the sense of shame was so overwhelming and i regret not having more student experience / made more friends ( twice as hard when you 're working and everyone is in different stages of life ) . i spent my 20s unlearning and relearning how to make friends and trust people again
i 'm a shift supervisor at starbucks . i 'd be lying if i said it was completely stress free , but they take good care of me and i 'm genuinely happy with my job for once , so that makes me not stress at all about it .
it was technically founded in 2012 but only started getting heavy business and found its niche in 2018 . then in 2020 it really found its footing in the industry and started accelerating in terms of growth . i came on at the start of 2021 and my team was 4 people , all brand new . there are 25 of us now .
blood banker at a hospital . when someone needs a lot of blood , they need it fast , and everyone caring for them does n't understand how intricate my job is so it 's gets real stressful real fast .
for me it 's anything outdoor - snowboarding / snowshoeing / walking / mountain biking - just being active and having fun . otherwise , my partner and i bought an rv this year to do bike / board trips on and we both ride motorcycles . we have pretty fun lives .
hello noccolina . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
> awesome ! genre of books do you like ? honestly i 'll read anything as long as it 's interesting ( to me ) . i gravitate to scifi / fantasy , but also enjoy thriller , nonfic that reads like fic , and general fic . i 've recently gotten into audiobooks as well , they make chores / work go faster .
i started just over 2 months ago and .. a little ? i think i have the basics down . it 's improving on those and feeling confident in them thats the struggle .
your submission has been removed because your title does not include a question mark . please ensure your title is properly formatted to be a descriptive , open-ended question . if you think you have received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for lacking a question mark " & message =) . thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
chore charts ! ! my ex and i always disagreed about them . i taught my kids to help when i needed it and to do their part . my ex thought they needed chore charts . maybe when they were super young it might have been useful to teach responsibility but when they got older , especially in high school , how does it work ? so one kid has dishes and kitchen clean up on tuesday . they also have soccer practice , three hours of homework or have to go to their job . i 'm going to make them do it at midnight and have a gross kitchen until then ? no . instead i just said to whatever kid was home “ hey , help me clean up ” and they did . and we hung and talked and connected and it was lovely . just because “ i 'm the parent ” does n't mean i throw my dishes in the sink and leave . they helped me chop things for cooking and helped me clean up . and guess what ? they keep tidy homes now . our friends had chore charts and the amount of fighting was unnerving . no thanks .
“ email like a manager ” i used to do the whole “ good afternoon , i hope this email finds you well ... ” now i just got with “ thank you ” “ okay ” “ please see attached ” it 's not rude - i 'm just not spending all day typing pleasantries and i feel like i get less requests for follow up
rollerskating and rollerdancing and monthly i pay 28 € for lessons and then i spend money on wheels , bearings and other skate stuff related but it is not necessary .
i 'm a professional pet sitter . i used to do everything , all dog walks , drop in visits 3-5 times per day for multiple homes , ran myself ragged 7 days a week for years . now i switched to doing “ move in care ” , i literally move into homes and care for their pets while they are gone . i rarely leave unless i have errands or need food , it 's so chill . i cuddle them , play , tidy their house , work on volunteer stuff on my laptop , it 's great . luckily my expenses are currently fairly low so i can work this level of a job but i feel really blessed .
awesome ! genre of books do you like ?
my period was pretty good timing , because for reasons , i asked my dad to pick up panty liners from the store , and he got pads by mistake . within a week , i got my period
i to work in a museum in collections and archives . it is pretty low key which is nice compared to my retail job which is sadly high stress .
0 % , sh \ * t and useless . i feel like an imposter all day every day and it 's been 10 months . but they still have n't fired me ... & #x200b ; and they could , this is a really desirable job i 've got . i love it and it would gut me if i lost it . but i 'm also the most unusual candidate . my colleagues are male , have degrees and came to the role with years of experience / experience in a similar role . i am female , failed most of my subjects in school ( + undiagnosed learning difficulties ) and came from a job that was the polar opposite of my current one .
saaaaame . i have one kid and i am a sahm . i know multiple people with multiple children who have immaculate homes . i am always cleaning something , but my house is never immaculate or spotless like theirs . i keep things clean but there is always clutter somewhere . i get overwhelmed and do n't know where to start . when i do finally get something organized , it 's messy again almost instantly . i clean off the table , my husband dumps crap all over it . i get my daughter to clean up her play room , she clutters up the living room . i do n't understand how everyone else does it .
realising too late that i found something great .
confident af or a fraud , no middle . if i get into the zone i 'll loosen up and tackle issues one after another authoritatively and have peoples comments roll off me . then depending on the situation i 'll make a minor mistake and have it irrationally feel like the end of the world because being young and clueless at my job came rushing back to me all at once .
great ! ! ? is it something you can turn into a career ?
nope . should have come to me * before * cheating .
mainly gifts for family and friends , typically baby blankets and stuffed animals but occasionally wearables like sweaters or slippers . i do n't sell what i make , because i almost never make anything the same twice and i never use a pattern lol . and also bc it 's rare to get paid what it 's worth .
gets a little more quiet . responses take a little longer
the theme of my job is stressful , but i find it relaxing . i work as part of a community safety team for a housing association . i deal with asb cases , but i mostly just do reports and create cases to send off . i 'm basically a professional note taker . granted i do deal with a lot of difficult calls , but knowing i helped them in some way even by listening is fulfilling . i work remotely from home and i 'm always comfortable at my desk . it also means i get to spend time at home doing what i love . when i 'm done for the i do n't think about work . i switch off easily . it beats retail any day .
i got my sweet boy samson about a year ago . he 's a 7 y / o tabby cat and i named him after john k . samson . sam had entropion , which is an eye condition that requires surgery and i guess people do n't want to adopt a cat who they have to out $ 1000 + on right off the bat . i had already been saving up my emergency fund so when i saw his sweet little face i submitted an application right away . he 's honestly the sweetest , cuddliest boy . i could not have asked for a more perfect cat .
he 's just being a spoiled manchild . he used to be so clean and tidy . i was the sloppy , messy one lol . my how the turntables ...
holy crap this ! ! also i went bat shit crazy clubbing and partying and being a rebellious bad girl trying everything .
why do people assume aural hair is targeting african american women ? ? im hispanic and my hair is nappy as shit . i understand what you meant by this question , idk why other people have to bring race into it . anyway ! all i would like to see is not seeing curly hair as unprofessional because it 's not straight . i hate that i have to fry my hair because people think curly hair is just messy and not done . i love straight hair but i also love my hair . hair is hair and even women . with straight hair have their rough days .
awesome ! what do you do with the crotchet , sell ?
dental hygienist ! for the most part it 's a pretty low stress job ( definitely depends on the work environment though ) . overall i love helping people in a non emergent setting ( say vs nursing )
finances . still living paycheck to paycheck at almost 40 years old . no matter how organized i am with my bills , money seems to go quick . and it does n't help that i overspend on groceries because the price of food just keeps going up .
i 'm working on it right now , there is light at the end of the tunnel !
dont trust my own decision making skills
i follow few of my publishing houses new releases and everytime i go around the bookstore i pick their free magazine . goodreads is great too plus i share tips with 3-4 friend who read and have similar taste in book genres .
i adjust health insurance claims . i work from home and it 's all just data processing essentially . i do n't make a lot of money , but i get a lot of awesome benefits and can afford to live with a little extras . i used to work in materials labs and there was just constant go go go with terrible schedules . my job is pretty boring , but i 'm also in school , so it wo n't be forever . it 's low stress as long as you meet your quality and processing standards for processing .
make it easy ( like micellar water and a single moisturizer ) or give yourself interesting options . i read a comment here about a woman 's date who had different toothpaste depending on his mood ! really keeps things interesting .
have n't done or seen a study on the subject , but as someone who 's dabbled in online sex work , almost all of my clientele were white cis straight men in their 30s and 40s .
yessssss . honestly , i 'd be more inclined to join certain cults over an mlm
literally everything that are being commented here . so messed up life . i realized how messed up i am when i see other parents treat their kids and how their kids behaved . i 've realized and told to myself i 'll never be like that to my kids in the future . they 're not only being overprotective but also most of the times manipulate and really messes up your mental health . i do n't think in this life their is even cure to undo all these damage .
i 'm not his mommy .. clearly it 's been discussed . if he wants to he lazy then he can't be shocked when i leave his ass :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
i work at a warehouse moving boxes . i work with my best friends and never have to deal with customers or micromanaging . i have a history of not being able to keep jobs because my anxiety was so terrible to the point of being hospitalized . now i feel like i 'm walking on clouds .
i 'm utterly confused as to why any of you fear what i 've been reading .
oh wow ... i felt this .
thank you ! i 'll check it out .
i 'm a structural engineer and consultancy takes a toll in me . all things about designing the house rush in the moment i open my eyes and the one i thought about before i close my eyes at night was " what have i done wrong in that calculation ? " it took a resignation and three months of destressing before i finally got pregnant .
painting / drawing . it 's not that much once you 've got most of the basic materials . canvas is probably my biggest expense outside of replenishing paints .
i work in a library . thinking about getting a library science degree so i can make it a career because the pacing of the library is so tender
not an of creator , but apparently there 's more average joes with okay jobs and families than you might think .
i 've done basically zero rebel things in my life . nothing illegal or even morally wrong . on one of our first dates , my ( now ex husband ) grabbed some spray paint and took me to a lookout . the concrete barriers had graffiti . we crossed out f the police . and put a flower over the f word . my first ( and only ! ) graffiti ! he took me out to rebel and i broke the law in a good way .
same boat basically . did most of my damage in my early 20 ' s . now i 'm trying to not live pay check to pay check anymore . slowly but surely .
i have two old bosses that come to mind . you could n't pay me enough to work for either one of them again
you are in the right regarding the dishes . leaving dishes for days is lazy and immature . he probably knows this deep down . you should work with him on this .
having my own house with my plants and books in amsterdam .
unlimited free fruit sounds like my type of job :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes:
you have the pass in my book ! just be aware they might still try to kill ya either way so be safe bi queen :loudly_crying_face:
oh awesome , thank you so much .
crochet : thanks to gifts and inheriting multitudes of hooks , i never have to spend a dime on those again . i 've dropped about $ 200 on yarn in the last year . i 've also been gifted yarn that i would estimate goes well over that amount in the same time frame . reading / audiobooks : monthly sub to audible and paper books are super cheap at used bookstores . i love finding first edition hardcovers for like $ 3 each
i 'm 20 and i have no social life or anything . whenever i have to go out i take hours contemplating on whether i should go out or not . i think people are secretly criticizing me when they stare at me in public . have trouble saying no and creating boundaries . have really bad anxiety . do n't know how to converse with people outside my house ( and even then i do n't ) .
ooooh awesome ! what happens to your art , sell it ?
the whole " getting the sports bra on " is my biggest hurdle .
even when i 'm being told i 'm doing amazing ... it does n't feel like i am going above and beyond . i was just doing what i usually do so i feel like i do n't deserve any praise .
being a parent alone does n't make a shitty person any less shitty . you got lucky with your parent . someone else is raped and heated by a father and forced to call him sir . yeah , to think before they speak
no problem ! i came over from your aita , and it was true , these comments did disappoint lol . but this is definitely a touchy subject for me , so i can talk about it for days .
noone thinks directors have low-stress jobs though , so that 's not a good comparison .
realising how lucky i am with the solid relationships there are in my life . i 've some friends since kindergarden . some in high school some in uni . some my whole life . we make effort to catch up even if its once every few months with our busy schedules and where we live . its not so much the quantity of these relationships , its how i know these people are my rock
he did n't have any sexual experiences before her . she was fairly promiscuous in her teens and it makes me really sad listening about it now . she 's just wishing she never did anything but i was friends with her in her teens and she was doing what she wanted to do .
upper lip yo . mustache club unite !
it varies widely between different women .
> and know that we 're not judging . lol ok
for work ; i only need 10 mins for dates ; an hour
hello , / u / cnewell 420 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as it contains or solicits graceless generalizations . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
hello , / u / false-seaworthiness 7 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post breaks multiple rules . please do not repost without consulting with moderation first . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
ya gotta be resourceful lol . but in all seriousness i think it would depend on what it was . i have things in my room that i do n't like that much , but keep due to sentimental value . if it was something like that it would be a little weird , but if it was something useful like a sweatshirt or a gift that he really likes then that 's cool . i have pictures on my phone with ex friends , it 's a part of life . i can't change the fact that his past relationships were a part of his life so keeping a couple photos is reasonable to me . this would be different than keeping like every single photo .
hello , / u / dr4k3l0rd , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as answers to common or recently asked questions can be found in the faq or through the search bar . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
clothes with good stitching that does n't come unraveled if i turn or stretch , made from solid materials that do n't wear out and get holes in it within a year , and cut into classic ( not trendy ) styles so that i 'm not embarrassed to wear them 5 years from now .
almost 8 times a year ! i seriously can not bear the cramps , they are deadly
professionally - getting my pmp and a job in that field . personally - having my babies . i was told i would n't be able to carry naturally and now have two amazing kids .
depends on what it is . if it 's something he keeps because he can still use it , its fine . if he keeps something for the memories i would n't like that . i for example kept a bag from my ex , cause i can still use it , but i threw away a bracelet he gave me with our initials .
when i was younger , every cycle . then i had about a decade in birth control that helped so i did n't have to miss school or work . i 've had to stop birth control because my body reacts differently ( negatively ) to hormones now and it 's frequent . i 'm actually gearing up to work with my hr department to get fmla sick leave for this , just getting all the paperwork together .
i do n't think i 'd care . as long as they were done .
as long as it 's not reflective of a desire to still be with the ex , it does n't bother me . i do n't expect my partner to act like they have no past , and i do n't enjoy it when partners want me to erase my past either .
some have been treated and told they 're ugly most of their lives . string of toxic relationships do n't help either .
it 's hard ... ...
would n't care . i would n't throw something out just because i 'm no longer talking to the person who gave it to me .
honestly no body 's perfect and u should love and embrace ur body bc that 's what matters , you 're the one who 's living with it i am positive about my body now because everytime i 'm in a pool with my girls or something , everyone 's insecurities start showing and no one 's really confident about their body even tho their bodies are fine ! ! there 's no perfect body image its all bullshit we all have fat lol
i would n't care as long as he did n't attach feeling towards the items . like i still have a hoodie from my ex just because it was comfortable
i 'm so sorry for your loss . it 's incredibly hard is n't it ? i still miss him so much it hurts but i saw david and knew i had to have him . you 'll know when you 're ready , there 's no rush . sending you lots of love .
i have amazing coworkers and we talk about every detail of our lives together . i told them about something really fucked up that im going through and my coworker cried and hugged me . i really needed that . she is generally not a person to show emotions like that so i was surprised . it feels good having genuine friends who really care about me .
i 'm 23 female . lost my husband when i was 20 ( almost 21 ) after 2 and a half years of marriage . mental health got worse . was attending community college , got into university a few months ago . found out earlier this week that i can't go because they attend no online or night classes . so it 's not going well , at all .
money does n't make good people
had an eating disorder for fifteen years . lots of therapy after having babies to get better .
it 's so cliché , but fake it ' til you make it . if you look in the mirror every morning and tell yourself you 're the sexiest woman alive , you 'll eventually begin to believe it ( to some extent anyway ) . also stop exposing yourself to people who make you feel bad about your body or ask you to change , both irl and online . i would also suggest following people online with similar bodies to you and focus on appreciating their beauty . over time those positive feelings can translate to how you feel about your own body . it 's really hard to get started , but once you make some progress , you 'll never want to go back .
do none of y'all wear makeup ? i 'm not being ugly just genuinely curious . i 've made such a to do about doing perfect makeup everyday that i can't stop now or people would think i 'm a catfish . so it takes me about an hour to get ready .
incorporated my business and just got my business bank account today . besides that ( and more importantly but not as recently ) , the births of my children
wow that 's messed up . and i 'm sure he sees no problem with himself having sexual experiences before . it also seems like the kind of thing you 'd break up about a lot sooner than right before the wedding .
went no contact with my relatives , stopped talking to anyone who ever made negative comments about my weight ( which was mostly just my relatives ) , six years of therapy , and then three years of crossfit did the trick
i find that cute short sleeve or spaghetti strap shirts are great for layering . i hate my arm flab but the brand that fits me ( torrid ) does 80 % of their clothes with skinny straps . so i have multiple cardigans ( mostly black ) in different styles that i can wear with all those tops and dresses . does n't work for winter or extreme cold but if i 'm chilly on a plane i can switch to a long sleeve or vice versa if i 'm hot . to op - if your doing a lot of walking , especially hot / humid areas make sure to pack some anti chafing gel for your thighs .
hello adenvironmental 4228 . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i started volunteering with a rape crisis / domestic violence center . even outside of what i did as a volunteer , it made me a better friend , family member , etc .
after years of my mother criticizing my weight , no matter how thin or heavy i was , i got to the lovely age of 38 and just stopped giving a fuck . once i got to that point , my confidence was up and i dated a lot of guys i would n't have been comfortable or confident in dating before .
i think wealthy means not worrying about the things regular people do: paying bills , affording school for your kids , saving for retirement , getting the house you want , having unplanned expenses , etc . that may mean they make obscene amount of money or had a trust fund . well off is someone who is doing very well for themselves and has a great lifestyle , but has to ( to an extent ) still make plans for retirement , college educations , etc . to me someone could make 300k and be well off but that 's not wealthy , they 'll still have to think a little about where money goes to have a nice retirement and maintain their lifestyle .
i was privileged and lucky enough to have a body not really scrutinized under modern beauty standards bc it fits it and what “ flaws ” i was told about i learned after i was secure enough in my sense of self to realize they were arbitrarily bullshit and normal human things idk what its like to be dark skinned , fat , or physically disabled i dont doubt that would negatively affect how you view yourself because of oppressive beauty standards
40 minutes in total wake up , brush teeth , shower , dry , lotion up , dress up , fill in eyebrows , brush hair , dry hair , and perfume !
four hours ( ´ - ﹏ - ` ； )
1-2 hours .
hello internationalcry 8555 . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i feel strangely motivated after reading these comments . did not expect that .
i do n't have the money to invest in it but i do think crypto has longevity .
hello cloutdogger . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
a few times . i have endometriosis and it can be so bad i have to change my clothes i can't leave the house
hello adenvironmental 4228 . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
tbh i just started realising that i was my own biggest critic and no one actually cares as much as you think they do ! we are all gonna die ! eat that slice of cake and wear that top !
male here . if i may . magazine 's , social media , tv all put forth these images that they want women to look like , but so much of that is all airbrushed and makeup to hell . not to mention , do n't get me started on all the plastic surgery out there . the equivalent to this on the men 's side is seeing people that can get fit for thor , superman , batman or just buff in general and then they tell us " exercise consistently , and eat chicken and broccoli " i say real men do n't care about all that for the ladies . love yourself the way we love you all , the way i look at my wife and love her is not because of her looks , yet we always talk about this topic . be happy , be healthy , and know that we 're not judging .
if you met a woman who looked like you , what would you think of her ? what would you say to her ?
how do you translate the “ feeling good by yourself ” to “ feeling good around others ” ? when i 'm alone i 'm really happy in myself . i like my body and what it does for me . i can dance and sing in the mirror thinking i 'm hella sexy . like really 100 % believe it . but once i step out and meet other people , my self-image completely changes . i feel like the dumbest , ugliest person in the room . when i 'm with guys only it 's a little bit better because i have no girl to compare myself to , but if i 'm with a girl i feel inferior . especially if i 'm taller .
29f , and i think the age that i really started embracing body positivity / neutrality was 27 . paritcularly when the pandemic started , i felt like i became health concious instead of body concious for the first time . i was more physically active and mindful of what i was eating , but i was n't restricting myself and i was just honouring what my body desired . i also weighed myself for the first time in years at the end of 2020 ; and i did it because i knew i was in a place mentally where i could look at the number on the scale and not freak out and go into unhealthy behaviours as i did in the past in a panic to lose weight . i now regularly weigh myself and i am a plus size woman who loves my body and i feel really sexy in it . i feel like i could be healthier but i am not pressuring myself and just really trying to listen to my body and mind . that being said , i of course still have my bad days / insecure moments but they are much more far and few between . equally , i struggle with my mental health accross different areas so by no means do i have it all figured out !
my phd :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes:
is your username a jeff buckley reference ?
daniel radcliffe
i got incredibly unhealthy , 95lbs at 5 ' 6 . after i got off drugs and gained healthy weight back it literally made me sick to look at those photos . i thought i looked so good . the skinniest i had ever been . actually i looked like a ghost . ever since i 've prioritized being happy and healthy above all else and i 'm up to 160 and love every lb of it .
realizing that hitting my “ goal weight ” essentially required me to have borderline disordered eating behavior , and that i was often forcing myself to exercise even when i was sick or injured . once i realized that i was essentially punishing myself for not being naturally rail thin , i decided i would rather be kind to myself and focus on a healthy middle ground where i do n't go to extremes to maintain a certain body type , but also still feel confident and sexy in my body .
hello , / u / shake_pretty , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this subreddit has themed days : [ matefree monday ] ( HTTPURL ) and [ thersday ] ( HTTPURL ) . please review the rules for themed days . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
it 's a process . i turned 40 and went to a boot camp because i was so out of shape . i got in the best shape of my life after that and broke through some mental barriers . i lost about 30 pounds , got back to my high school weight and looked great . but it was n't sustainable long term . after a few years , i hurt my back , gained a bunch back during covid when everything was closed , got older in general . i 'm almost 47 now , a little heavier , but my focus has shifted from how i look to how i feel . it 's a way better place to be , imo . i would n't say i 'm completely neutral , but my weight is not my focus anymore . focusing on how i feel takes care of how i look .
once they put that beautiful baby in ur arms . ur fanny does n't hurt . much ! it was all worth it .
hello , fellow valkerie
this comment or post has been removed for derailing . derailing includes but is not limited to : - changing the topic from op 's question - making someone else 's response about yourself - asking unrelated follow-up questions - branching into unrelated topics - " what-about " - ism - arguments , slap-fighting , or debating - judging or rating other responses - meta comments about other responses - responding to comments to tell us how your dick feels . no one cares . if you have any questions about this moderation action , please message the moderators through the link on the sidebar or [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , please include a link to the removed content for review .
this comment or post has been removed for derailing . derailing includes but is not limited to : - changing the topic from op 's question - making someone else 's response about yourself - asking unrelated follow-up questions - branching into unrelated topics - " what-about " - ism - arguments , slap-fighting , or debating - judging or rating other responses - meta comments about other responses - responding to comments to tell us how your dick feels . no one cares . if you have any questions about this moderation action , please message the moderators through the link on the sidebar or [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , please include a link to the removed content for review .
it 's helped immensely . i have thick , wavy-curly hair that puffed up and got frizzy . no matter what curly hair products i used or styling techniques i used , my hair would not look presentable . i used to have shorter hair when i was younger and i had to put it in a half updo when my mom took away my flat iron in middle school . there were some mean boys who made fun of my hair and sideburns and told me i looked like michael jackson . i took it personally and it hurt more knowing i could n't even use a flat iron anymore . luckily i got my flat iron back a year and a half later . that was a decade ago . i used to wash my hair every other day and straighten it pin straight with a flat iron . now , i only wash it once a week ( my hair does n't get oily that fast ) and i use a revlon blow drying to get a sleek blow out look . i also slightly curl and flip out my front layers to frame my face . let me tell you that styling my hair has boosted my self esteem immensely . i get lots of compliments from people saying that my hair is so thick and nice . i still deal with frizziness in the wind and humidity but i would n't trade thick hair for anything . when i go out of the door with my hair looking sleek and styled , then i feel good about myself and i go about my tasks with more confidence .
hello , / u / seesawfew 7483 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as answers to common or recently asked questions can be found in the faq or through the search bar . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
not dying .
hello , / u / asan 2112 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed for seeking advice about a specific person or personal situation . r / askwomen is about receiving answers from the community about their own opinions and experiences rather than seeking input on specific personal situations . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
an hour minimum :( i should really work on shortening that though
they do n't really seem to target my cramps . hot showers , hot water bottle , etc . usually seems to work better .
1 bil .
hello , / u / pipealternative 4614 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this subreddit has themed days : [ matefree monday ] ( HTTPURL ) and [ thersday ] ( HTTPURL ) . please review the rules for themed days . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
hello , / u / metulburr , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as answers to common or recently asked questions can be found in the faq or through the search bar . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
this comment or post has been removed for derailing . derailing includes but is not limited to : - changing the topic from op 's question - making someone else 's response about yourself - asking unrelated follow-up questions - branching into unrelated topics - " what-about " - ism - arguments , slap-fighting , or debating - judging or rating other responses - meta comments about other responses - responding to comments to tell us how your dick feels . no one cares . if you have any questions about this moderation action , please message the moderators through the link on the sidebar or [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , please include a link to the removed content for review .
i had an awful night and was balling my eyes out at the bar and before leaving took a few shots . ubered home with my boyfriend and when we got home i was throwing up . my boyfriend fell asleep on the floor with me and the next morning i asked why ? he said because he did n't want me to have to go through that alone . warmed my heat and gave me some nice reassurance :)
which in my opinion is the only problem with cheating , it creates the same things
lady , you can't just come in here with a cat story that good and not post pics ! the travesty ! brb need my inhaler !
i do n't mind . after all , we are but mere strangers on the web :) initially , in the beginning , i was drawn towards him based on attraction alone . our values do not align . we are opposites in every regard . i can not envision a future with him . i know for a matter of fact i will inevitably get hurt in the end process . however , as i am spending more time with him , my initial conclusions are consistently being tested and i find myself questioning my original judgment . i 've been contemplating how to grasp this situation . ghosting is out of the equation . i want to be respectful of our connection thus far . the questions you posed are perceptive and useful . thank you .
hello , / u / ohmygodnowwhat , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this subreddit has themed days : [ matefree monday ] ( HTTPURL ) and [ thersday ] ( HTTPURL ) . please review the rules for themed days . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
hello , / u / playadefaro , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this subreddit has themed days : [ matefree monday ] ( HTTPURL ) and [ thersday ] ( HTTPURL ) . please review the rules for themed days . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
i used to make a noodle stir fry more often with a bag of coleslaw , more shredded carrots , and other veggies i liked . my sauce is usually oyster sauce , soy , and a bit of brown sugar . if i 'm very lazy or feeling nostalgic , i make a faux lunchable . pita bread , marinara sauce , thick shred mozzarella , and either cut up snack sausage , or turkey pepperoni . one of my lunchboxes has compartments and fits this perfectly .
it really has n't . i have waist length hair but i mostly wear it in a braid or pin it up . i brush it every night . other than going through shampoo faster , it really has n't impacted my life . i did set it on fire accidentally once as a kid . fam wo n't let me live that one down .
right . but i love how it feels having a lit candle in the house .
4 years ago i went off my antidepressant because i felt ready and 2 years ago i started losing weight-lost a total of 100 lbs . i 'm at my best , in terms of mental health , than i 've been since i was 17 ( 18 years ago ! ) . i am stable . i do n't think i 'm worthless . i wake up and can do a reasonable amount of chores on the weekends . at work , i 'm optimistic and motivated . it 's great and i love feeling like this ! my weight loss was due to bariatric surgery , which i pursued due to other weight related heath issues . the surgery and weight loss went well and i 'm doing great and really enjoying my body and all the fabulous stuff it can do-run , snowshoe , ski , skate ! this response is not to rub anything in , but just to say i 've been depressed and in bad health , and for this time in my life right now i 'm really enjoying not being either .
he he he
i have naturally visibly strong arms and a thing for shoulders , so it works out . i do n't like my legs but i 'm too lazy to do anything about it so i 've stopped worrying about it
27 , it is what it is . ive been both " average " & obese . 5ft 6 at 145 & 225lbs . buying cute , well fitting clothes no matter what size i was helped me .
i still do n't fully understand crypto or nfts . crypto because like , uh . so far what i 've learned is someone can just essentially make up a new currency ... and then like , vanish . the holders are just screwed ? even then ! they reject the normal stock market , but this weird pseudo stock market is fine ? ? also : buythedip sounds like some cult bullshit . nfts make no sense to me . you do n't own anything except something saying you own these very specific set of pixels . the concept itself has its uses , but for ... art ... ? ? what ? i like art . i buy physical art that i can hang in my home . i commission artists to make pieces that are just for me . plus , crypto bros just say it 's good for the artist , while several artists have their art stolen every freaking second . i see no benefit to this system .
after years suffering with eating disorders i decided that i could n't live that way anymore . i 'm neutral about my body now which is a big step from hating it , i 'd rather be happy and healthy then worry about what size i wear
10 minutes . i do the bathroom stuff ( toilet , brushing teeth , deoderant ) , wear my clothes , comb my hair and i 'm out the door . sometimes i need an extra 5 minutes tho , to hug the heater and stare into space while i convince myself that yes , i do actually need to be a productive adult and go to work .
hello xxdaddys_bunnyxx . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
congratulations ! i learned to drive at 30 because of anxiety , so i know how hard it is to get in there and do it . i am so proud of you ! are going to be great driver , and your world will get so much bigger now , cheers !
last night , i heard my son tell my boyfriend that he loves him , and my boyfriend said it back . i cried with happiness
listen to music . i suffer from chronic migraines and very quickly reach sensory overload , so most days avoidable stimuli are out of the question .
i 'll post there thank you !
haha thank you for the congrats . the timing has made it quite stressful but under it all i 'm pretty excited . most people are recommending that i wait until i 'm out of the woods so to speak ... thanks for your advice and well wishes !
i went for a walk this afternoon ( which i 'm trying to do when the weather 's nice instead of being depressed in my room ) and this little girl , maybe 8 or 9 , was playing in her front yard in the snow . when i walked on that side of the street , she gave me the most exuberant “ hello ! ” i 've gotten in a long time . that just made my day .
depends on if i 'm having an existential crises or not . could be 30min , could be 3 hours . i have a lot of curly hair so it generally takes me longer to get ready because of it . when i chopped it off it was quite lovely to just shower , and get dressed . but those days are gone ... until i do it again . lol
unpacking my fatphobia . trying to be cool with your own body while still holding biases toward bodies generally does not work as it turns out .
got older and realised pretty much everyone has some or the other insecurity of not the same . why was i beating myself about it ? when you 're not wrapped up in your head about these things , you 're able to do and enjoy so many other things .
teamfight tactics mobile
wordscapes on my phone or animal crossing on the switch
i said crocs . bf said meth . i think we 're both right .
do n't trust anyone .
what ?
it is most certainly true . source : was a vet nurse and helped with the birth of bulldog pups .
:face_with_tears_of_joy:
divorce day !
but with money being no object , you could get the house and the view .
only worry about things within your control . very hard advice to follow , but i try to remember it every time .
not everyone is your friend .
my generally positive outlook on life .
a “ grill ” ( the ones for your teeth lol )
expensive paintings
i kinda would n't mind my next dog not coming with a barrel of trauma — i love my boy to the end of the earth , but he costs so much in training , anxiety meds , and personal dog sitting bc he 's so scared of other dogs . and people .
crocs . it 's just a trend / gimmick . while i 'd go into a crocs store , i do n't think anything could convince me to buy croc shoes .
your comment has been removed : [ derailing ] ( HTTPURL ) of the topic is not permitted . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + comment \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
was at walmart shopping one evening . got a message on facebook a day later from some guy asking if i was wearing xyz in walmart the day before and that he loved the band on my shirt . he was a walmart employee . we have no mutual friends , though he claimed he found me through one . would n't give me the name of the person when i asked . i 'm not even from this area either , so the whole mutual friend thing is n't even possible . got upset when i called him an absolute creep and stalker and told him to fuck off . he got mad and said i was ugly and fat anyways , lol . after the incident i found out he lived ten minutes from me and went to the same gym i did . i still do n't know how that douchebag found me online , but it still creeps me out to this day .
dark scandinavian minimalism . i just adopted a version of my " national uniform " basically . usually black stockings , an a-line skirt in muted colors , a black t-shirt and a black cardigan , maybe an oversized scarf in muted colors too . my size has fluctuated a lot over the last decade , i got tired of having to constantly switch out my wardrobe so chose a style that is n't as size sensitive and required little thought when putting together , but was still classic enough to make me feel put together both out and at work .
any in-game purchase for an app or videogame
was n't aware that was an option , care to donate to my charity ? it 's going to a good cause ... a personal one . / s
your submission has been removed : removed for being indistinguishable from fap fodder . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + submission \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
i have good intuition , but sometimes i ignore it out of hope that i 'm wrong . & #x200b ; for me , it 's a gut feeling , but also just being very observant . if they know a lot about others , but share very little about themselves ( especially if they 're spilling the tea of others ! ) , if they seem overly fake / eager to be friends , if they agree with whoever is talking to them at the moment , if their personality shifts with who they 're around , etc
first class priority seating all the way baby .
glad there 's still some of us who stick to that boycott .
love .
love .
your comment has been removed : then stop knowingly derailing . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + comment \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
betrayed in 6th grade and was always the odd one out in the group from grades 7-8 . always had trouble with female friendships ; hope that can change this year .
bob 's burgers is one of my comfort shows !
make sure my will is good to go . hit up anyone i 've hesitated to talk to , and spend time with family + close friends . probably buy some deserts from the bakery and things i would n't normally eat .
i have gotten into a stranger 's limo before oops . why especially not a limo ?
agreed
the kitty collector game ! it 's an app that was very popular in 2015-2016 . you basically just give cats treats and toys , and in exchange , they give you mementos / fish . it 's so simple , yet so addicting
a fancy sports car . i hate getting in and out of cars that that sit so low to the ground . and there 's no room for anything !
i still use it at least once a week
saw this one coming lmao
a mansion . any house that would need a staff to manage . it 'd be awesome to be able to afford like , housekeeping once or twice a week . but i only want to live in a place i could manage on my own .
a mansion . any house that would need a staff to manage . it 'd be awesome to be able to afford like , housekeeping once or twice a week . but i only want to live in a place i could manage on my own .
nerdy , but feminine . think belle from beauty and the beast . i was a bookworm . i preferred to read than at with dolls with the other little girls . my kindergarten teacher labeled me antisocial . joke 's on her , i grew up to be an english teacher .
your submission has been removed : this sort of question is not what this subreddit is for . try using r / findareddit for a more appropriate place to ask it . moderators reserve the right to remove posts that are not in the best interest of the community . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + submission \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
your submission has been removed : this sort of question is not what this subreddit is for . try using r / findareddit for a more appropriate place to ask it . moderators reserve the right to remove posts that are not in the best interest of the community . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + submission \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
stephen colbert did a sketch on it . look it up :)
i was just weird . tomboy , sure . but the real label i got was that i was an odd kid through my childhood-teens . it 's probably why i 'm the introvert i am today . i question everything i say and do around other women but i 'm working on just being me . i do n't need the approval of other women to be myself , but it is very nice when i do find a group that clicks well with me .
firefly ! what a fun show .
this girl who i met when i went to high school . she was butch , and prior to meeting her i had no idea women could look like that . i was so into her . we talked and danced at homecoming one year , it was amazing . shortly after that i realized i 'm a lesbian .
no amount of money is ever enough . you will always want to ask for more .
its infuriating ! i 'll walk at whatever pace my dog damn well needs .
completely agree . i wear what i want , and it 's usually cheap . my favourite jacket cost me £ 17 and a favourite pair of shoes i once owned cost me £ 4
honestly , these were the best investment of my life . my self esteem sky rocketed and my sex life got so much better because i was so much more comfortable with my body . to be fair , i got a lift as well , which was the most crucial part . best 15k ever spent .
straight blonde western hair
a person
your submission has been removed because this question contains a post title or topic that is already active or commonly discussed . we are not accepting any new submissions regarding this post / topic this time so please search the subreddit using keywords before reposting . you can view our faq [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) or search the subreddit . you can always go to r / findareddit to find the right place for your post . if you think you received this message in error , link your post & please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was auto-removed for asking for asking about a commonly asked subject . " & message =) . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i swipe on tinder when im bored
minesweeper . i know , that sounds strange or weird . but it 's addictive and passes the time .
1 . making sure all my finances are in order so my kids and husband would be ok money wise . 2 . cuddling my husband and kids all day .
amen , bdblues !
a big , gas guzzling luxury car like a yukon xl denali .
i 'm pretty sure you do n't know why that was the best day of my life -
amen to this . people ohh and ahh over true ginormous homes and i 'm like gimme a cottage and some elbow room and i 'm good ! an acre would be great . i can have alll the trees , flowers and veggies i want !
anything promoted by the kardashians / jenners .
your submission has been removed : this is not a sub for personal advice , evaluation , validation ( including " does anybody else ___ ? " questions ) , or recommendations . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + submission \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
a yacht
not a waist of money . why should someone spend 100,000 on a car when it could go to an orphanage and worried about climate change ? not " know knows how much " on things in plastic packaging as we are worried about the plastic in the oceans . not 500 , 000 on trust funds while people are in student debt . not on veal when milk costs more than gas . not on nannies when daycare costs more than most people 's mortgage .
name brand shit like gucci so unbelievable expensive for shit often made the same way
my muffin top could never
that 's sounds like a whole production .
omg my poor mutt , he has shih tzu , and pug / beagle in him . his hound senses want him to smell everything but its impossible for lil homie .
can you suggest an ad blocker app for iphone ?
this resonated so much in me right now
a paperweight
wear a jacket when it 's cold outside .
bigger boobs . i always wanted bigger boobs and then mine grew from pregnancy and breastfeeding and now my back is in endless pain and finding bras is a horrible adventure .
your comment has been removed : [ derailing ] ( HTTPURL ) of the topic is not permitted . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + comment \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
me too . the music . the story . i was in tears .
can be especially true at work
futurama ! thank you .
a telsa .
your comment has been removed : [ derailing ] ( HTTPURL ) of the topic is not permitted . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + comment \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
constantly adjusting and worrying about my clothing is something i can definitely leave in the the past
i like my hair , it 's long , full and on good days i have corkscrew curls . on bad days though it 's a droopy frizzy mess . still have n't found the key to having more good then bad hair days , but still , i would n't trade , could n't imagine myself with anything else .
not even for halloween ?
what about a guypillow ?
i feel like tom & jerry is up there .
coco . although i 'm not a big fan of animated movies now , this movie has stuck with me and i 've watched it many times .
my daughter and her husband have a one week old baby and two german shepherds . the dogs are well behaved and much loved . they have n't shown any aggression but i 'm nervous as hell :disappointed_face:
solid medium , but it 's not something i constantly think about . i 'm fairly confident , but i also know there are things i 'd realistically like to change about my body and the biggest one is weight .
your submission has been removed : this is not a sub for personal advice , evaluation , validation ( including " does anybody else ___ ? " questions ) , or recommendations . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + submission \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
it 's more likely to be $ 500 for the shoes and $ 1400 for the coat . they 'll last you forever . but it 's not a thing that everyone wants to do 🤷🏻‍♀
that 's really good advice ! growing up i was taught to try to be everyone 's friend and that backfired spectacularly , i wish i 'd been told to choose wisely instead .
my favorite animated show is bob 's burgers .
this is so true .
we 're not going back ! !
same here . i never liked it and to me , those are not too quality products , they are just ideas with a price .
as ageless as possible .
if you feel like you have to beg for their love , they do n't love you . true love can't wait to be shared . took me a while to understand , but now i get it : my person makes me feel all-glittery and smiley simply for existing !
this one , never drive over anything in the road , ( the example was a box of heineken ) because it could have something dangerous in it . and do n't ever hit a snowman . , for tree stumps .
your submission has been removed : posts that soapbox , promote a personal agenda , pot-stir , or solicit unpopular opinions are not permitted . this includes bringing the humanity and dignity of subgroups of people / minority demographics up for debate or commentary . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + submission \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
not murder . i 'm thinking like robbing a bank and giving the money to poor people or go exploring somewhere really dangerous . steal an air plane and fly until the gas runs out .
i like the way it looks . i always used to admire women with bright , unnaturally colored hair when i was younger , and now i get to be one of them !
lmfaooooo following
nice tip thanks
natural and long , with either no nail polish or black one .
jeff .. uh ... finds a way .
if i were to get a sewing machine what should i look for ?
just fuck first
feels like any other day .
i got my ears pierced when i was about 7 because i wanted it done and i love wearing earrings now and switching them up from time to time . never had any other piercings though .
geralt over superman any day
i see honesty several times here . why do sos lie without thinking , often about insignificant things ? i suspect it is learnt behaviour . somewhere along the line they have been conditioned to think if they do n't say what there partner wants to hear they will get yelled at or given ' the treatment . '
i 'd love to see it . but i like to know what 's going on with my body instead of just being blind about it . i loved the one dentist i had that was able to put videos up for me to see what they were talking about as they examined my teeth . i 'd love to see the same about my " nether regions . "
when i was about 8 a surgeon said i needed surgery on my achilles ' tendon , he said it was unusually too short and caused me a lot of pain to run or walk up hill . well my mom did n't want to have to spend all that time looking after me so it never happened . i also had scoliosis that was ignored and has gotten more and more painful and twisted . if my mother let the doctor do the surgery and checked the rest of my joints and tendons , he would have seen how bad my back was and how hyper mobile each of my joints were , which leads to the genetic disease ehlers danlos syndrome . i suffered as years went by and now i 'm 50 and mostly bed bound with eds and with possible progressive ms . i would of been more gentle on my poor body and would of been more careful in sports and running .. one thing i 'm glad i did do was dance my butt off whenever possible :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 💃🏻
calling a native american woman a “ squaw ” is a very derogatory term ...
" zesty " :skull:
adam duritz , lead singer of the band counting crows .
hello , / u / formalsea 2306 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed for seeking advice about a specific person or personal situation . r / askwomen is about receiving answers from the community about their own opinions and experiences rather than seeking input on specific personal situations . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
use eau de parfum instead of cologne or toilette , put it on & leave it alone ( no rubbing ) , keep perfume in the fridge .
the first one was a pill baby , so not expected at all . the second one was on " purpose " a couple of years after because we did n't want the first one to grow up alone and lonely , just like i did . i was raised in an abusive household and i wanted to give my children the love i was denied growing up . i was craving that connection of unconditional love . to this day i do n't know if i did the right thing but they 're the reason i did n't give up on myself . fighting myself to be able to be the mum they deserve literally saved my life . i do n't believe in having lots of children and i also recognise and respect that it 's not for everyone .
dr . phil
the only thing constant in life is change . things do n't always go your way . you do n't need to cope you need to heal to wonder why your so panicked and have a perfectionist mindset . it might have served a purpose at some stage but it 's not a way to live your life
omg , that man 's smile is everything :drooling_face: :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: him and knoxville are both scrumptious
michael rooker , especially when he played merle in the walking dead :grinning_face_with_sweat:
coffee
it 's the voice , is n't it ?
dwight schruhte i can't explain why .
yup
i 'm oldest of two . it felt like my needs were given priority with my mom , but that overall i had to pave the way really and had them get mad at me for doing regular teenage things more often . she was definitely the " baby "
i remember one boyfriend i had . the first time i cooked him food , he ate it ( sitting on the sofa ) , then put the plate on the floor ! i was a bit shocked , but i just picked it up and took it into the kitchen , then did all the washing up . nowadays , i would n't be doing that . i would first of all actually tell him that i was shocked at him not taking it into the kitchen , ask him if he was n't going to offer to do the washing up , and stop dating him at that point , depending on his reaction . not even noticing things like that is a whole indicator of a great pile of other things : not really noticing the point of view of other people , being selfish , not caring about dumping work onto other people if it saves you effort etc .
i got made fun of for saying kevin was my favourite :pensive_face:
i do what hurts them the most : ignore them and continue with what i need to do .
ed harris around 2001 , when i was in high school .
sameee
by teaching my partner that me ' nagging ' him is just be expressing my frustration at having to repeat myself over and over and him not acknowledging me or what i 'm saying or asking . i think the time i said ' i 'm not fucking nagging you , i 'm asking my partner to help me out and not treat me like a maid . i should n't have to constantly ask you over and over to be an equal partner in running this household . either step up or fuck off and let me do it all myself , and by fuck off i mean fuck off out of this house and go live with your mother ' this was after i had given birth at 38 to our surprise 3rd baby and was juggling a 10 and 5 year old and trying to organise washing , shopping , cooking and recovering from an emergency c-section he stepped up . no more nagging . i ask politely and shit gets done
there 's a full on thread about people having a crush on darth maul , you 're not alone .
reciprocity
i 'm flying overseas to see my family this year ! that is a really big one ! have n't seen them since mid 2019 ! also , celebrating our dog first birthday , flying on a holiday with my partner and our friends !
as a mother to a 9 year old daughter this makes me sad . i do not love my body and it 's obvious . i need to do fix it as i do n't want this for her . 36 years of hating myself and i 'm worn out from it . how can i do better for her ?
this . you have nothing if you do n't have honesty . so discouraging .
takes care of me and worries about me while i 'm sick
he was religious
honesty .
thinking they were helping me by doing things to encourage me to lose weight - like signing me up for weighless ( at 10 ) or promising me ballet lessons ( at 7 ) if i lost 10kgs or punishing me because i was so hungry i stole food and ended up knocking the whole plate onto the floor . but then rewarding me with food if i did good :woozy_face: i now have a hugely messed up body image and food is a huge negative in my life - i feel guilty for eating anything and am continually listing whatever i eat in my head and seeing where " i can do better " but then eating like shit anyway because i 'm a new mom and have very little time to eat anyway .
james spader , as reddington . my partner was so confused . it 's the charisma , the confidence he exudes .
hello peanutbutter 471 . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
adam sandler .
the sheriff dad from twilight
why are you dating a teenager ?
ha ha came here to say this
my parents are divorced and have been ever since i was born . my dad used to smoke a lot of weed , so he was n't allowed to see me as often when i was a toddler . i would normally see him 1 day a week , and the visit would last only 7 hours . that was what the court decided . one day , a day where i was n't going home with dad , he comes to pick me up from school . i was a bit confused and asked him what he was doing there . “ i 'm here to take you to the cinema ! there 's a new tinkerbell movie . you 'll love it . ” he said with a big smile i , of course , accepted because i loved tinkerbell . i asked him if my mom had allowed it and he said “ yeah , she did . ” spoiler : she did n't . i do n't remember if i went to the movies or not , but i always found it so fucking creepy as i grew up .
my parents fled the war from kosovo and my opinion is that it 's firstly sad what happened . it 's also sad that kosovo , a place that my ancestors have lived in can't be registered as a country due to countries such as russia , serbia , spain , israel . i understand that these countries do n't classify kosovo as a country due to the reason russia having problem with ukraine , serbia with kosovo , spain with catalonia and israel with palestine etc etc . i have many opinions on kosovo but i want to end it by saying that i think that kosovo really should be working on their minorities . roma people do n't live together with “ real kosovoans ” , there is a segregation going on where roma people are poor . they have problems getting jobs , education etc . there is a place in kosovo called kosov polje where only roma people live and i recommend people going there because you can clearly see how kosovo treats minorities . roma people are living on house made of boxes for instance ...
the count of monte cristo ! ! ! 16 year old me was obsessed lol
my mother in law
look around and make eye contact . your gaze detection will pick up anyone looking at you for too long .
david boreanaz .. from the buffy the vampire slayer days
i only got my ears pierced in my early 20s specifically so i could stretch them ! never interested in having actual earrings . i had multiple facial piercings before then however !
we plan to have children in the future , maybe one or two .
safety , comfort & consistency
thank god no men 's day only the special people need a day .
when i was a little girl i had a crush on phil collins ... not sure what was wrong with me 🤦🏻‍♀
my dad was a bad dad when it came to me . he did n't take care of me properly , he showed up unexpectedly to my school when he was n't allowed to ( my parents are not together , my dad was told to stay away from me . ) he got rough with me a lot , not believing me when i told him i was sick , getting mad when i spilled some beverage and would sometimes be violent with me . i never noticed this as a kid of course , but i do now . it 's fucked . i 'm 17 , and my dad got a new daughter 3 years ago . i love my sister to death , but i can see my dad is trying so hard to be a better father to her than he ever was to me . he 's considerate towards her , buying her stuff constantly and gets less mad at her than usual . i 'm happy honestly . he 's working on himself , i just wish he would have treated me like that .
i actually did n't want children . at all . my ex husband was really physically and sexually abusive , and after i got pregnant in high school and gave the baby up to my parents for adoption , we did try to make our marriage work . he got me pregnant again a year later , which ended in still birth , i requested a tubal ligation , the medical staff basically laughed in my face . it was n't approved by my midwife until after i delivered two more babies that i really was n't prepared for or okay with , but my husband was religious and violently opposed to hormonal contraceptives and i was trying so hard to make my marriage work despite the obvious and painful flaws . to clarify ; i love and value my children more than i can explain with words , including my oldest , who was adopted by my parents , but is now raised by my mother and i , as my father and my ex husband have both been asked to vacate the scene for their inexcusably toxic behavior and unwillingness to improve for the sake of anyone else , not even themselves .
mutual intimacy and vulnerability ( and no i do n't mean sex here ) .
there are some things i do n't want to see . i had a colposcopy after abnormal cells were found in my cervical smear — and what happens is they put a camera in and then broadcast your cervix on a big screen while they do various things . totally bizarre and a real eye opener i could have done without .
lionel richie
i 've experienced the procedure being on camera and on a screen where i could see it . ( the gynob was checking out a mole ) can't say i ever want that again , honestly
i 'm fine . my male flatmates better cook for me tonight though .
hello auroraidk . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow gift threads outside of stickied holiday posts . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for asking for gift advice " & message =) . thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i did n't realise it 's my cake day . thanks for wishes , kind stranger , it made my day a little brighter :)
wtf is wrong with them
social media and my dad
i got my ears pierced when i was 11 but i do n't wear them anymore . i very easily lose small jewellery like earrings and when you can only wear stainless steal , silver , and gold , that gets expensive . i also have long hair that i usually wear down so you do n't see it anyway .
that old guy from lost
i grew up with nagging parents . if i did n't immediately jump to do something when asked , there were consequences . as an adult , i 've learned more about respecting people 's uniqueness . i have a sense of urgency in everything i do , whether household work , professional work , driving ( lol ) . my husband does not . it does annoy me if he does n't address something quickly ( long realized immediate is not an expectation to have of him . lol ) , but he will do it when he 's ready .
everyone should be allowed to show emotions . it 's a stupid saying that whole “ boy 's do n't cry ” thing :/ it 's super damaging to a kid being told he is n't allowed to show his emotions from a young age
thank you for your kind comment but to be honest i dint think it will . there is too much trauma that i would be inherently projecting and nobody deserves that . it would be hard to control myself for years on end without snapping and i do n't want that for kids . i am also impatient and annoyed by sounds humans make . kids are not for everyone and that 's okay .
i feel you . i was also punished for having emotions . i repress them majorly now and feel like worst kind of shit if i end up crying in front of people . i 'm now a mother and trying to hard to let my daughter express herself and validate how she feels . sometimes when i 'm really tired and frustrated i see one of my parents coming out in me and i feel so awful . i do n't want my girl grow up repressing her emotions or thinking she does n't matter
i want somebody who 's going to make me feel loved , and understand why i 'm sad at times . i want hugs and cuddles over sex and that shit . i want somebody who 's always going to be on my side and love me for who i am , not what i 've achieved in life or how i look . someone who knows what i like and dislike , and when they give me gifts , they have listened so well that the know exactly what a person like me would want . i want a long hug every time i come home from work , and cuddles every night
i found h sexy in * the mask of zorro * . maybe it was the all-black outfit ...
phillip glenister . bradley walsh . martin kemp . jerome flynn . i 'm 26 ...
gel nails , stiletto , length is somewhere between long enough to look good and short enough to not hinder me in my day-to-day chores .
camping ! ! we just bought a delica and so excited to dress it up and get out into nature
i think it 's damaging .
auto mechanics . i would love to know everything about car maintenance and repair .
even my plumber was flakey the other day , damn i dont even want to date you ! people just flakey in general ! the dating world scares me stiff i thank my lucky stars i 'm taken .
cuddles ! honesty and probably above all communication !
media , other women talking about diets all the time and boys / men who have criticised me .
it 's extremely toxic and unnecessary , and it starts young for them which is incredibly depressing . i ain't even a boy and when i was a kid my dad started yelling at me to stop crying and it made me cry harder .
skin bleaching products ? ! jesus . i 'm so sorry this happened to you , that 's absolutely awful . your mother sounds downright abusive , i hope you 've managed to get away from her influence ( or will at some point ) . i have an abusive mother and going to therapy was the best decision i 've ever made to finally be able to live without my mother 's voice constantly present in my head . best of luck to you ! <3
and he only gets better with time
yeah , it 's definitely not normal , even though it 's unfortunately quite common . the good news is that therapy definitely helps !
he was an actor after all
i 've never had an obgyn examination , but if i did i do n't think i 'd want to see anything . i never look down there anyway
prince and wham
house ( from house md ) but not hugh laurie .
nicholas cage
you could do one better than the sock and just drive long ass nails through it a la the zombie show . nobody 's gonna try and grab that end of the bat .
i 'm still obsessed with anthony kiedis . oh my god . he looks incredible . likewise with james hetfield ... ugh .
black hair suits me better than blonde ever did
our living situations both sucked , so we each already wanted to move . been together 4 years and we 've talked about it for a while . honestly , we discuss this kind of stuff a lot so we know when we 're each ready to progress . we also have strict boundaries in place , like neither of us will marry the other without living together first ( and that goes for if we broke up ) .
i have a dermatologist who gave me a prescription for my scalp . it 's a bright red color , but i can't spell it . use it every other day and my so says my hair has never looked better . no more itching and dandruff
you should n't feel bad about it . ! ! ! if he really wants some nooky he should help lesse n your burden for one . and maybe put you to sleep with a massage without sex a few nights and he stay up with the children . make you dinner a couple nights a week . do some dishes . do the wash . he 'll change the kids .. give them baths . put them to sleep so uou can just relax in a hot bath for an hr .
" wearing pants " is one i 've been told on 2 occasions now
oh gosh this is so on brand . my mom used “ we ” in sentences talking about her body since i was a teenager . “ well , because we have small boobs ” or “ we have weak stomachs & pooping problems ” like all of her ailments or insecurities became mine and actually have manifested . legit , i was hospitalized a few months ago for bowel issues and i 'm not surprised as i was told me whole life it would be an issue . i called her out on it years ago and she still manages to throw it in . my self esteem is still fucked from it .
i have never used either , but before uber / lyft , there were minicabs . drivers need a special private hire licence to drive one , but are not regular taxi drivers . i got hit on pretty hard by a minicab driver taking me from central london to heathrow airport , alone , in the middle of the night when i was in my thirties . followed my instincts and got out of it unscathed , but it 's the reason why i do n't use uber / lyft or other such services .
men .
this city i live in . i hate washington , weather sucks . i want to move somewhere warmer . my boyfriend is pretty controlling , likes to stay home , does n't like my dogs as much as i 'd like him to , does n't try to see things from my pov , sort of a man child but i 've been with him 5 years and i feel almost trapped . the time and love and patience i put in to this relationship is a bit scary to throw away and start over . i know there 's better out there for me . but he 's all i 've ever known for the worst points in my life . i 've seen the red flags since day 1 but continue to ignore them because i see his potential . i know . not sure if he could ever reach it though . the relationship i have with my dad is no longer existent . i love my job as a dog groomer but i want to work for a private salon and make more money . i 'm only 21 , i want to see the word and travel more . i want to thrive and be genuinely happy . the people around me and the city i live in sucks and i want a fresh restart . just do n't know how or where to start i guess .
the profession is called * physician assistant and i really hope you 're not out there misrepresenting yourself by pretending to be a doctor
what do you think you 'll make a mistake on tomorrow ? tonight is a week long mistake , it just dawned on me that i forgot to buy my new boss a birthday present and will be the only person without one tomorrow . with added guilt of her still buying me a christmas gift for secret santa because i could n't afford to participate .
lots of hugs , heart to heart communication and a whole lot of silliness and childish jokes . stronger when you 're able to be silly around each other .
i 've liked some dogs , i 've disliked some dogs .
the rage . it 's comes outta nowhere , for no reason and you will want to blow up the world !
i love dresses ! i wear them year round , no matter what weather . i think they 're easy to wear and make me feel fancy af
eating sushi and drinking sake with good company :)
they 're cute but i 'm more of a cat person . dogs have a tendency to be loud and are generally needier than cats .
pregnancy is horrible and parenting sucks
was home sick one evening when i notice my dog tensed up and looked towards my door . then i saw the door handle jiggle . i grew up in an area where there were a lot of home invasions so my door is always locked thank god . i figured i must be crazy , so i started walking over to look out the peep hole and it happened again . by the time i got to the peep hole i could n't see anything . then a i heard a door slam . i tried to shake it off but i felt v weird abt it so i called the non emergency police line the next day . a deputy came and i was talking to him in my breezeway about what happened when my neighbor , an older man in his 40s - 50s came out and said “ yeah that was me ” . the deputy looked stunned . and then the guy said “ yeah , i got a call that my boat was sinking so i was in a hurry and did n't realize i had the wrong apartment . ” the deputy told him it made no sense and said i could go inside and he continued to question the man . it was so weird . same guy told my upstairs neighbor he could hear when she showers . i called the store leasing agent and told them and she immediately had a second deadbolt and chain installed for me
this post has been removed - we are not a subreddit for personal evaluation , advice , recommendations , or validation . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post
this post has been removed for excluding minority demographics . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post
hello qnafordumbies . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
this post has been removed - this is a common topic . please use the search bar and check the faq . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post
this post has been removed - we are not a subreddit for personal evaluation , advice , recommendations , or validation . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post
and how many times i heard men call me “ jailbait ” whenever i 'd be out in public . for some reason it was worse just outside of my schools ...
this post has been removed . today is thersday , where questions must be centered around women and their experiences outside of relationships with other people . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post .
it 's not hard for anyone to see he was selfish and wanted his partner back . when males are raised with a proper mother in the house ( absolutely no offense ladies . this is a psych eval from a tired old man ) they are raised to see the father go to work & come home . kick his shoes off .. read the paper while he waits for dinner to get done . maybe he will change his clothes and go out and tinker with the lawn .. household maintenance or projects .. or work on the car or truck .. but as a past time to spend time with his son ... he picks up a project they can do together . the son sees the little snickering from the parents and his dad give mild questions to his wife . this is all he sees . and dad is happy with wife .. new siblings pop out ... what he fails to realize in his mentoring is the sensorship .. the hard times ... the quiet battles for a moments piece . the unknown arguments that ensued about bills ... diapers .. food .. ect . culture today has came along way since i was a kid . women are equals in their own right . you have jobs cars houses businesses .. bra burning parties . but when it comes to love and relationships .. uou tend to revert back to the stone ages . ( why i do not know ) you covent the time spent with your unborn baby .. and when it arrives .. there is alot of joy .. and the man wishes to enjoy the new baby . .. and further .. he can't wait for the 6 weeks ( or longer is it a as c sect . ) so he can get back to what was his awesome sexy wife that he fell in live with to begin with ... he has n't changed . he 's still i love with his wife . he does n't mind the extra weight .. the stretch marks .. helping hold the baby so you can shower .. but he still goes to work .. mows the lawn fixes the car . works on the house or apt . tries to watch tv and spend the time he misses with his signicant other ... but she 's exausted .. the baby has taken up all he energy . she has been mom .. wife and caregiver since she passed her 3rd trimester . it 's hard . i know . but your man does n't get that on top of all your wife duties .. while your staying at home being mom ... is that you have emotions raging to the nearest door ready to bark out openly as the new world has created . and it 's to this spark of resentment where he finds his rude inconsiderate selfish behavior coming from . he wants to get laid . not make love . he 's pissed .. horney ... hungary . he wants his food in his belly and his wife o . his dick . he worked all day . he paid the bills . he mowed the lawn .. where is his desired ecstacy ? day for day .. weeks on end .. months at a time .. the nastier he gets .. the more he lacks .. .. sadly for all involved , this is usually the break down and final straws to be pulled . she either leaves him or he leaves her . men do n't want to play with emotions .. nor deal with them . they just want thier relationships to last as they were before kids . sex was great . wife was hot and wet to the whistle . so my fare ladies . it is the most unfortunate of circumstances . we are predetermined to think that we are forever and endlessly going to be in love and trying to make it . :two_hearts: or in some cases ... fuck like rabits with bad habits . but with the insertion of children .. men get left behind ... hence is why we are always grabbing at yours .. this by no means excuses our actions .. it 's just an explanation by an old divorced man who works 2 full time jobs and has n't slept in 36 hrs .
i 've been through that as well , i have horrible menstrual pain ( and other symptoms , maybe undiagnosed endometriosis or adenomyosis , hopefully not ) and none of the doctors i went to took my pain seriously . it really bothers me when a tutor / doctor i 'm shadowing does that and i 'm going to try best to never gaslight anyone about their own health and body . i appreciate your side note .
like dogs - love my two dogs . like my friends dogs . will chat to dogs when they come up to me . i 'm more a cat person though .
had a conversation .
i have dainty hands and they 're weak as shit . i literally can't open the majority of jars or bottles without my boyfriends help lol . your hands are better than mine !
they are my children . i would do anything for them .
freckles are the best !
the immediate gratification of everything from faster vehicles , faster internet , instant access to everything , and just modern consumer society in general . i do n't enjoy current movies , i do n't enjoy current tv shows , i do n't even own a television , i just think people are more detached spiritually as the world advances materially , dating has also been a drag since it feels too contrived today . i truly hope the future will bring me something to feel nostalgic about , because there 's really nothing much so far i can remember fondly .
goes for the morning after pill too . reduces the effectiveness .
maybe once ? still , i ask my drivers to not take the highway to drive anywhere .
hello the_jerryspider . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
it 's never been scary for me
that i dont have to marry a rich man to be rich and successful . that i can earn my own money and be rich and be respected . also i should be respected as one human being regardless of my occupation or how many partners i have had in the past .
there are different levels to friendships , and different personalities will handle these types differently for example , i 'm quite introverted and only have a few close friends that i 'll chat to a few times a week and see maybe fortnightly , but i trust that we both accept one another for who we are and that we have each other 's backs and can discuss practically anything . i find these connections fulfilling others more extroverted however may require more communication or face to face interaction for fulfillment and others may need less , it really depends on the opened and clear communication between the two friends friendships may naturally fade however due to life 's circumstances and sometimes it 's fulfilling to work on it , but at other times its more fulfilling to simply remember the good memories as closure and simply let it face without any confrontation
to feel close , safe and at home .
for me it 's the sexualisation of women marketed as empowerment - from gratuitous nudity in entertainment to influencers selling their bodies and online sex work culture , it seems like an entire generation of women have been brainwashed into believing performing for the male gaze is in any way subversive or progressive for women . fashion is also just a looot now , i was watching a show from the 90s and the literal prostitutes on the street were wearing the fashion items 15 year olds wear now . workout clothes are laughably provocative at times and it 's super weird everyone pretends not to notice .
i my opinion it 's because so many men do n't bother to put in the work . foreplay , compliments , teasing , touching throughout the day , etc . they just want sex when the mood strikes them and when the women do n't they go “ lower libido ! ” and plenty of people are willing to accept that narrative so it 's just seen as the default .
i 'm going to remember this so i do n't swing to this opposite extreme . thank you !
customers complimented on my nails and i had them done in a color and style i do n't normally do :)
i never have been .
this happened to me , my mom criticized a ton about how she looked , so when people would say i look like her , i was crushed
was home alone with my little sister . i think i was about 13 so she would have been 9 . my stepfather owned the shop below the house and we had a driveway type area next to that , which was gated off from the front ( parade of shops , gated off so the public did n't have easy access to the area ) and used for storage for the shop . one of the things he sold was gas bottles and they were stored there , basically the side of the house was where the front door was and that opened onto this drive / storage area . my sister and i were watching tv and it was probably about 9 or 10pm . suddenly someone was banging at our front door , which we ignored because , it 's late , we are alone , that 's scary . buy the banging got loud and despite . we had a dog who was thankfully barking , but also lights were on so probably obvious we were there , so i cautiously went to the front door . i was the older so had to be " brave " for my sister who was freaking out . someone saw me through the window and was shouting fire at me ... i opened it and someone was on the phone to the fire brigade and the other was asking for a bucket of water ... scared and could only find mixing bowls in the kitchen i filled that up and gave it to them . back and forth till the fire was out . thankfully they had walked past and basically noticed someone had started a fire right by those gas bottles . there were probably about 15-20 gas bottles there . just 6ft away from the front of our house . very scary and very lucky it ended without an explosion .
you 're gonna need to be more specific , i have a huge amount of knowledge on this subject .
that 's not weird at all and in fact i think that is so sweet and such a kind gesture !
hey guys a great idea for a little valentines gift is a membership to a tanning salon !
all of her insecurities passed on to me . she would complain about her “ baby tummy ” , and as a kid it made me feel like she resented me for what i involuntarily did to her body by existing . it made me feel guilty . as a teen and adult , it manifested as being petrified of how my body will be affected by getting pregnant . i 'm going to go everything i can to limit the stretch marks and rapid weight gain , and not have kids too close together so my stomach can recover as much as possible . i 'm aware logically that this may or may not have any effect on how my body changes , but still feel this fear . i 'm afraid that i 'd never be able to love my body , and that it would affect my partners attraction to me . i am also obsessive about facial hair , particularly eyebrows , as she was , and grey hairs ( i just have one right now , but regularly check my head for greys like i 'm looking for lice . i hate that her obsessions were passed on to me , and have vowed to appreciate my body instead of criticizing it so i do n't pass this on to my kids one day .
yep . i was basically throwing up everything i ate , weighed 50 kilos which is ridiculously low for my height ( 170cm ) . they said it was stress , bulimia , anorexia ... i went from doctor to doctor until a woman doctor figured out that i had a some super stomach bacteria that was antibiotic resistant . had a course of really strong antibiotics that put me in bed for a week , then i was fine . but i still have a lot of stomach acid , consequences of throwing up constantly for a year and a half .
i have a dog and a horse . if you have issues i 'd recommend volunteering at a local animal rescue or offering to help out a local horse owner in your spare time . if you commit to care of an animal every day it 's a very powerful motivator .
i got a lot done today . adhd did not defeat me today !
that the sex drive is not a fixed number , but fluctuates . at the beginning of our relationship it was very clearly divided : my need for sex was very high ( preferably every day ) , he had lost interest in sex very quickly after the first exciting phase ( once a month would have been enough for him ) . in the beginning , this regularly led to hurt feelings . after eight years of relationship and four years of marriage , i can say that this is now absolutely no longer an issue . we have automatically adjusted to each other over time and have found a healthy middle ground with which we are both satisfied . besides , there are always external factors ( stress , job , depression , time , ... ) because of which we sometimes have more or sometimes less desire . it 's not " always high " or " always low " . and sometimes circumstances like a worldwide pandemic lead to the fact that we both spend much more time at home in bed . i guess my point is : even if you do n't have a similar sex drive in the beginning , that does n't mean it will stay that way forever .
this is wholesome
seeing my family , especially my grandma
overexercise , it took getting quite sick and actually having to stop exercise for me to process this unhealthy behaviour but there 's definitely ways to pinpoint the unhealthy thought behaviours earlier before it gets too extreme
the reality is that they 're all just romantic projections and they 're just going to disappoint you in the end .
changed shampoo and conditioner . i had it so bad my entire life . i tried all the anti dandruff etc ideas and oils in my hair . i also had painful scalp acne . & #x200b ; best thing i did was switch to liz earle shampoo for dry hair and conditioner , i changed to it because it had n't got irritants or coconut oil that clogs pores . have n't had scalp acne since and recently realised i never have dandruff anymore either .
to chime in - i 'm a female physician . in all honesty , in the outpatient primary care setting , patients come in all the time with vague descriptions of what 's ailing them . in a clinic where you do n't have scans and blood tests at your fingertips , it can be extremely difficult to figure out what 's wrong . and in reality , most cases of vague pains and ailments are not secondary to any clear disease or diagnosis . if you 're truly bothered or worried by a symptom , please do your best to explain to a doctor the duration , quality , triggers for your symptoms . it really goes a long way when a patient can give us a good history versus when you tell me your stomach sorta hurts but can't give me any other detail or qualifiers .
sherlock and dr who , or dr who and star trek , that could get really funny eg . captain we just bumped into something veiled ... blue phone booth suddenly appears in the depths of space
cloth tape , probably .
what book to read and generally how alone i am , it 's not that i do n't like people or a partner , it 's just i feel better when they 're not around sometimes .
i love dogs . they might be my favorite thing in the world . but losing my dog was so hard . i did n't even really cry cause i 'd been grieving him for years before he passed . i 've realized that i do n't know if i can deal with dog ownership again . let 's follow a natural progression . you get a dog at 3 months old . it is a terror until it is at least 1 , but sometimes even up until they are 2 or 3 . you 've spent all your energy on training this dog that you have n't been able to enjoy it . so now it is 2 and everything is going well . then at about 7 you notice it is slowing down . now you get to watch your beloved friend age , wither , and just turn into someone completely different . they might also have ailments that are expensive to fix , or might kill them sooner . i just do n't know if i 'm up for it again . first bit = cute terrible , second bit = awesome ! 5 star rating , third bit = sad terrible . these are not great odds . and now i 'm terrified i 'll compare all my other dogs to my late dog . my late dog lived to 16.5 with no cancer or any major health issues at all . i know damn well i wo n't be blessed twice with that . it was painful to watch a healthy dog age ! what about one that might not be as healthy ? idk man . i love dogs , but hate that i love them . last time i said i was never getting a dog , i got one 2 weeks later . idk if i 'll ever get a dig again . which means i might have one soon . i do clearly have " sucker " in dog language tattooed to my forehead .
this . i do n't know when it happened , but at some point it became unacceptable to not answer your cell phone or text back . my sister gets so pissed at me about this and i always tell her , “ i do n't have to talk to anyone if i do n't want to ” . the mentality that everyone needs to be reachable the moment you want to reach them is somewhat narcissistic to me .
work . i 'm so exhausted all the time . i do n't know how every one just does this ... all time .
100 % but it was something i had to accept as her own problem and that i would n't pass it down to my children if i had any ed trigger warning ! ! ! during my teenage years it affected me quite badly as i 'd see her binge and purge and not clean up properly and she would always do it after a big meal and then make comments on what i was eating like i should do the same i was a sponsored athlete and needed a lot of muscle and she would say that girls should n't be bulky and would make rude comments about the chunkiness of my sport squad even though they were incredibly fit and only bulky because of muscle it got to me at one stage and i lost a ton of weight and was banned from competing and training by the medical team until i got proper recovery ... which was when they realised my mother 's views and her compliments regarding my new figure , yet i was in a really bad way i owe it to my medical team and athletic community for getting me out of the body image opinions she has and inflicted upon me
not married yet , but living together and engaged since 4 years back . my ( f ) libido is much lover than his ( m ) , and he has kinks i do n't share . we 're polyamorous , and he has a boyfriend who matches more in the bedroom .
h u n g e r . o n . h i l l s i d e — j . cole
i love other people 's dogs !
capitalism
add " raped while underage and then not allowed to get abortion , and the " father " gets custody if you do n't want it
they 're cute . would never want the responsibility of owning one though
hello current_reflection 11 . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
and this is why i 'm not getting a dog . was raised with dogs . bf has a dog and talked about getting a puppy and i said no . i do n't like the amount of time and effort it takes for dogs .
i love my name ! ! ! i 'd never change it !
my dogs have helped get me through the hardest times of my life . i can't get enough of their snuggles or silliness . they lower my blood pressure , lick my tears away , and cause just enough chaos to keep my life interesting .
i 'm the same , i was a tom boy as as kid . in my late teens to early 20s i had a huge mohawk full crust punk look . then in my mid 20s i dressed quite feminine think " retro " . now in my 30s i 'm a weird blend of feminime and masculine , mostly feminime hair , make up , clothes . then a rugged jacket with boots . i just get thrown in to the weird arty person group . i 'm all good with that , i learnt you do n't have to be feminime or masculine just do what you want .
i was home alone and had the windows open on a cool night . a giant roach flew in the window and landed on the wall , high up . i knew , looking at it , i was not going to sleep until it was gone . and also that there was no one i could call for help . i was going to have to face the bug alone . today i am much more used to handling scary unexpected and undesirable tasks . they sit around undone for less time because giving them a chance to grow and relocate or get airborn again is just a mistake . take out the problem hard , fast and directly . then cry about it and dry heave on the floor after the cleanup .
this post has been removed - we are not a subreddit for personal evaluation , advice , recommendations , or validation . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post
this post has been removed - titles must be open ended questions . this means not yes / no , either / or , or " does anyone else " questions . additionally , today is thersday , where questions must be centered around women and their experiences outside of relationships with other people . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post .
this post has been removed . today is thersday , where questions must be centered around women and their experiences outside of relationships with other people . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post .
i 'm naturally a workaholic and busy person hence i have a full time job , study full time , volunteer , help run the family acerage whilst also ensuring i 'm fit and in decent enough shape to do all this etc it leaves me quite tired and not really in the mood to go out drinking or clubbing as i have to be up at 4 to feed all the animals , but most of my age group is partying and clubbing and do n't really get why i do n't join them or leave early . the constant hounding and questioning and blatant judgement of my lifestyle and that " i 'm too old for my age " just really puts me off strengthening these friendships if they 're not even going to bother to try and understand my perspective i try to understand theirs and go out for a few hours , but it 's just hard when you give a little but it 's not enough and they do n't give back in yes of understanding
i mean , what are some of the things you were taught that you do n't agree anymore with ?
i had someone that did n't realize what they were doing . i broke at one point and started crying that i basically have to starve myself to be able to lose weight and that i can't eat whatever i want and lose weight like she can by just taking a 20 minute walk once a day .
your comment has been removed because : your karma is too low to participate on askwomen . you will be able to participate when your karma has increased . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
pollution . microplastics . landfill . people not recycling or doing the simple things to reduce single-use plastic production . i had to go to the dump yesterday with a friend . it was windy . there were more plastic bags and styrofoam in the air than birds . there were at least 2 flocks of birds plus , flying around . i felt helpless . i 'm only one person . i can't clean it all up on my own . i need help . we need help . we can be better .
HTTPURL these ... and they look amazing with dark blue jeans !
as long as they are quiet and at a distance they 're fine . if they bark constantly orcome and jump on you or lick you that 's a problem . it 's dog owners i tend to dislike more .
this post has been removed - we are not a subreddit for personal evaluation , advice , recommendations , or validation . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post
this post has been removed for containing or soliciting graceless generalizations . people are not a hive mind . speak only for yourself , do not assume all people of a certain race , gender , sex , religion etc act a certain way . do not ask us to justify or defend other people 's behaviour . do not ask for mind reading . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post .
forced connections in a short amount of time or sped up relationships , you can't force trust and intimacy and women 's activewear always seems to be overly sexual or showy , at least from what i can find
i have gravitated toward male dominated careers . as a women who is 5ft . this is my life , i 'm so tired .
spent nearly every day with him in the beginning of our relationship and we both could n't get enough of each other . moved in together 3 months into the relationship and here we are now together 7 years and happily married for 4 years :sparkling_heart: i still love spending every day with him and growing up together
the general lack of intimacy currently in my life , overthinking and emotionally unavailable men .
hello motivationswag . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i was diagnosed with asd and adhd at 25 . i was told i may be bipolar , depressed , hypocondriac , have anxiety , ocd 's , fibromyalgia and many other conditions . nope , turns out i 'm neurodivergent and my interactions with the world are just different than everyone else . but nobody suspected anything because i was a shy and calm little girl .
fertility should be opt-in , not opt-out .
i eat healthy on the weekdays and then rubbish on the weekends !
everyone is different but for me even if my body does n't fit beauty standard , i have to feel like i 'm taking genuinely good care of it . that means healthy , nutritious meals and exercise . if i 'm neglecting my body and it looks bad , then i feel bad - but if i 'm taking care of my body , if i 'm giving it the tlc it deserves , then i 'm much more likely to extend kindness to it as well . as well , i do n't spend much time on social media outside of reddit ; i 'm not constantly staring at instagram and mistaking it for reality . i do n't allow the perfect to be the enemy of the good . finally , as for family , i 've learned not to internalise negative comments . people commenting are not going to change the reality of a situation . my body is not going to look any different just because my family ( or anyone else ) says it looks good or bad . i may feel bad about the way my family is treating me and erect appropriate boundaries there , but the only opinions re . my body that actually matter are mine and my doctors ' .
i trust my partner wholeheartedly . thats it for me
i 'm sorry
being comfortable with your body can be a very long journey ! i accept the fact that i 'm not perfect and that it 's okay to have flaws . one of the things i started doing to feel comfortable with my body was to speak kindly like saying things like " i love my ( insert body part or feature ) " " i 'm so pretty " " i wake up looking so angelic " etc . and it really works when you start to appreciate the features that you have right now . i grew up having family members judge my body and make comments on it . what i realized was that most of them do n't look any better than me ( it 's truly the people who act ugly that are actually ugly themselves ) and that their comments stem from unrealistic beauty standards .
sometimes i 'm envious of other women / men . but it helps me see what my goals are , so i take it as a good thing . like aw i wish i had her / his arm muscle , now i know what to aim for . or if i like someone 's car , i guess i gotta save for one that i like too . regarding my partners , i used to get hardcore jealous . now i know my man loves me , and will respect me . i know i 'm a good girlfriend , he knows he 's a good boyfriend . we just trust each other . though if i ever do get uncomfortable with something , i always let him know .
when i told them about my abuser and they shrugged and said “ well he never seemed bad to me ” and they continued to be friends with them
being chosen by a man is not your only option . men are not the prize
i think that 's from a film , i can't remember the name
i do n't . it 's my life , i 'm allowed to be picky .
100 % cities are amazing , i do n't know where to even begin everything is open 24/7 , you want mcdonalds at 3 am ? you can go and get it there are stores for everything , fuck waiting for online delivery , you can go and buy what you need right then and now the nightlife is awesome , parties going 24/7 , nightclubs and bars everywhere and tons of people to meet power outages are a thing of the past , power never goes out in a big ass city , in my old small town we lost power every time there was a storm , but now here in the city i 've yet to lose power a single time internet speeds are insane in cities compared to small towns , i got fiber internet for what i used to pay for basic internet back in a town cabs and ubers everywhere means you never have to own a car or drive , i can just take a bus / train / uber / cab anywhere i want any time i want , no gas or mechanic issues list goes on and on and on .
yeah the diversity is a real draw to cities ! small towns can be so bigoted through-and-through .
" you 've already done it before . so you 're no longer a virgin . it does n't really matter . you should let me do it to you . " my so-called best friend after i confided in him that i 'd slept with my first boyfriend , while i was locked in his car at night and he was meant to be driving me home .
* real sexual offender
posted
that they were toxic people . looking back now , i realise how much they dragged me down to their level .
posted
i get his sentiment , but whoaaaaa
disappointed but relieved that someone like that is no longer in my life .
it is not okay and what he did was n't right . dont wait 6 more years to speak out . do it now , you 're stronger than you think .
i 've been all over , i lived in l . a . and san francisco but also big country towns and small country towns . i have no interest in living in the desert , i do n't mind the city , i miss the sierra mountains , i can pass on rural areas but i live in one now . there 's pros and cons to everything . pollution in l . a . but ignorant , unwelcoming rednecks in small towns . too much driving to get out of the country but too much traffic in the city . public transport woes in the city but absolute dependence on cars in the country . no where to shop in small towns and a reliance on walmart , great choice of produce and consumer goods in the city but a constant barrage of billboards and fashion trends and consumerism . at this point i 've been dragging my feet for a year on where i want to really be , and still have n't decided .
i thought you meant you had to carry mace in the small town lol ! ! i am glad you found a good community :)
i did n't feel like an adult while i was there . had to ask if a friend could come over . had to make sure it was okay if i did certain things . i worked a different schedule then my dad so that did n't help either . i was secluded to my room . it was a combination of all these things telling me i needed out .
in my experience - my health care providers have given me antibiotics for bv . it can definitely go away on its own for some women , but your experience sounds like intervention is most likely needed . i 've learned that a lot of our body chemistry / vaginal ph can be impacted by many things we do daily ( what we eat , unprotected sex , multiple partners , how we wash etc ) so if you find it 's a chronic issue , maybe look into things you can change in your lifestyle to give your best defence against getting infections regularly . personally i have a copper iud which can throw off my ph , but i try to be conscious of other things i can do to give my body a healthy flora / vaginal ph .
i was very insecure about my body growing up . my mom makes occasional back handed comments . i found some people with my body shape and followed them . seeing someone who i viewed as beautiful having my body type helped me learn to love my body . the guy i 'm talking to loves my body and he shares how much he likes it when we 're intimidate . my biggest insecurity is my weight and stomach . i never had stretch marks on it until recently . i learned to love my body overtime , it 's a process . our bodies do so much for us . try viewing it like it 's keeping us alive , that could help a bit
denial lol ( jk )
“ i can't decide whether you 're my best friend in the world or i want to bend you over a table and fuck you ” said after getting into bed and groping me when i was passed out . then cried hysterically and said he loved me .
preach
i would have told the coworkers that he tried , but could n't get it up .
ngl it 's been a really hard struggle and it 's extremely alienating . it was 4 years of grooming and abuse . when i started realizing what he actually did , i reported him and this began a 2 1/2 year long court process : he was saying he was n't guilty up until the final bell when he decided to take a plea deal . no jail time , but sex offender registry for life . he wrote me an apology that just made it worse - he admitted to knowing what he was doing the whole time and knew it was wrong , but blamed his insecurities . he 's a fucking sicko and i hope he hates his life and himself forever until the day he dies
i understand what the words mean but i 'm a bit confused by the sentence . is it because he wanted to kill you and he can only kill after sex ? ( as an example ) i do n't get why you 're lucky you did n't have sex yet and what was his patience growing thin for ? i suppose based on my own confusion , it is scary either way ...
i grew up in a strict asian household , my parents were very critical of all my friends / dates , if they were n't successful rich people then they were n't worth my time according to my parents when i went off to college and got my first taste of freedom , i realized i never ever wanted to move back in with my parents i was able to do so much partying , be friends with who i want , fuck whoever i want , decorate however i wanted parents just restricted too much of my freedom .
it 's nice to be nice
my boyfriend talks to 2 people ( not related to him ) purposely outside of me . he 's the biggest introvert i 've ever met . there 's nothing to be jealous of
chicago to a small city in south carolina . the public transportation was filthy and dangerous . i carried mace at all times . i had about an hour a day on the train a day . and i was in a state of panic for that hour every single day . life is slower here . i ride my bike to work . my neighbors all knocked on my door and welcomed me when i got here . my home is spacious . found a queer community that i love dearly . i would never go back .
not that anyone has actually worked that hard to regain my trust but here is a list of steps that it would take ( lol sorry i sound bitter but ya girl 's been hurt ): 1 acknowledgement of what happened and how it made me feel , showing me they understand how their actions affected me 2 a genuine apology . i actually do n't mind “ excuses ” after the apology if they are genuine and the goal is to help me understand their headspace while the mistake was made without them trying to shed any responsibility for it . if you feel like you can't do this right , do n't attempt and just apologize . 3 a list of concrete solutions on how the behavior will change in the future and hopefully never happen again . if it 's a difficult thing to change , like someone who has a mental illness , i would need pretty constant honest communication about their inner world that shows they 're reflecting on themselves and doing their best to judge what their triggers are , etc to avoid x behavior . 4 to step back and let me decide on my own whether i can continue the relationship on my own terms without being pushed into it — that would completely negate all precious steps 5 little gestures are nice after the above list has been accomplished successfully , otherwise they 're just bribes and once again , completely negate the steps .
nothing . i 'd just give her a very long , warm hug : we both need it ( i 'm 17 ) .
the moment i told my stepdad that his only interest in talking to me was to talk about my dead mother ( she died when i was 12 ) . that he never actually cared or was interested in what i was doing , never showed an interest in me or my life / school . but just made everything about my mum 's death , his crazy stupid theories surrounding her death etc . he told me that 's all we had in common . i then told him i 'd like him to try and not bring it up every moment of the day . he told me i was selfish and that i could n't tell him what to do and told me he wanted me out of his house .
you will get everything you want .
i like you as more than a friend ...
“ when your mum finally dies you 'll left with nothing . you 'd be lucky to only be left with a third of the inheritance cause she does n't actually love you . ” this is what my arsehole father told me at 11 . who thinks that ? and who tf says that to a child ?
1 . knowing your worth 2 . being jealous does not prevent worst case scenarios - it only hurts the relationship 3 . even if whatever you 're afraid of did happen that it would n't be the end of world . 4 . cheating has to do with the cheater and their actions . it 's their problem , not yours
all my expenses from 14 up
i had a family doctor tell me i had good birthing hips ... when i was 11 ... i changed doctors , but wish i would have told my mom so she could report him
my uncle lived with us ( me and my grandparents ) . he had a propensity for violence if he got upset ( he was using steroids , so he got angry often ) . i came in and i guess i either did n't say " hello " or maybe i did n't greet him enough . anyway , he followed me upstairs . he tried to punch me and i moved and he hit the wall so hard he put his fist * into * the wall and i just ran put of the house . that was that . he wanted my grandparents house and money to himself .
for me it 's chocolate
2 big things pretty much at the same time . i had plans to go out with friends to a party . we had it in works for a while . my mom made me babysit my twin sisters instead . i even offered to hire another sitter but nope ! had to be me . this caused a huge fight . in which threatened to spank me ... a 17 year old at the time . and put me in timeout . that was when i decided .
what the fuck ? that so creepy and scary :persevering_face: i 'm just glad you are okay
that 's cold
this is pretty much what i was planning to say . why be jealous when i can just be happy or be better ? life is too short to give a fcuk tbqh
yeah this . you need confidence and good communication but exactly this .
they 're patient with you , but fair and stern when needed . i find it makes it easier to admit when you 're wrong and willing to learn from them even more .
yep :thumbs_up:
i 've adopted “ do n't set yourself on fire to keep others warm ” i come first , my husband and family a close second . if i can help with out hurting us i might . but i no longer myself out to help someone that would n't do the same .
everything . i pay for my mom and have for most of my life . been working since i was 11 . she has nothing to offer , never has , never will . her entire retirement falls onto me .
exactly
posted !
there 's this very cheesy song from the 70s called " one in a million you " . i never admitted to anyone how much i loved the song .. way too embarrassing . but when my kids were newborns , and rock them in my arms and sing it to them when they were fussy . worked like a charm . i still listen to it about once a month .
posted ! and sure .
yes , absolutely ! i grew up in a small town ( a couple thousand people , high school graduating class of under a hundred ) , mostly lived in smaller to mid size cities for a few years , and now live in a very large city . i love it here . i was really dubious about making the move since i thought the density and bustle would be overwhelming , but i 've found i really enjoy it . it 's like being in a coffee shop where even though it 's busy , everyone is doing their own thing so you have a sense of liveliness without it intruding on your own activities . plus , it 's so much easier to meet friends and make connections here . i found cool book clubs , made actual friends , and more , all within a few months . it 's great . i 'm so glad i did it , and that all my fears were baseless .
my ex friend and i were tripping on shrooms and hitting some dab , and here 's how the convo went : friend : so i have a question me : yuh friend : this is probably going to sound really desperate , but would you be willing to cheat on your boyfriend with me me : hmmmmmmm i dunno man , would n't that not only make me look bad , but also make you look bad as well ? i 'm gonna have to decline that offer , i 'm not about that life anymore . friend : damn okay , cause i was gonna get you drunk so i could try to fuck , but that 's cool . me : oh jeez , uhhhh friend : i know it 's your sense of humor too , but your jokes sounded like you were giving off hints me : wow i thought i could n't make it sound any more ironic than i have been making it , sorry i guess ( although i was n't really sorry cause that 's what you get for lacking critical thinking skills ) then the next night , karma bit him in the ass and it was kind of beautiful ngl
wouldn't
that we should romeo and juliet ourselves in a double suicide . we were not lovers . i 'd never expressed an interest in death . it took me a long time to realize how little he valued my existence to suggest such a thing , among other issues .
ok , since people asked : this would have been back in 2006 or 2007 when was a camp counselor one summer when he was in high school . he was a certified life guard , so one of his duties was to lifeguard the lake . he 'd stay there until they closed the beach for the night at sunset , then he 'd walk back from the lake front to the counselor cabins . he said it was a little under a 10 minute walk down a wooded path . one night , he was making the walk after it had already gotten dark ( which he says was not unusual ) . the path was not lit , but there was moonlight and you could see the cabin lights you were headed towards . as he was walking along that night , he said the first thing was that the temperature seemed to be behaving weird . he said he felt like he walked through a cold spot and was like , “ oh , it 's summer , where did that come from ? ” before it suddenly felt hotter than he thought it 'd been before . he said he suddenly felt very uneasy and alert , but he did n't know why , so he stopped for a second to listen in the dark in case he was picking up on a dangerous animal or something . then he saw a faint light out of the corner of his eye off the path to his left . he said it was so dark that any light source immediately stood out , even if it was faint , so he turned to get a better look at whatever it was . he said that beyond the tree line he saw what looked to be the grayish-white , faintly glowing outline of a woman in a dress . it was just the shape of it , no facial features or other details , and it seemed to be floating slightly above the ground . he did n't know what he was seeing , so he stopped to gawk at it to figure out what it was . then as he was staring at it , it started getting bigger and he realized it was because it was coming towards him . he says the way it moved was unnaturally fast and could n't have been corporeal . like , the figure stayed completely still as it somehow glided forward 20-30 ft through the trees in just a couple seconds . he said it had gotten to the edge of the path just a few feet away from him , still just a grayish-white outline and now visibly semi-transparent , before his flight reaction kicked in and he took off in a sprint down the rest of the trail to the first cabin he saw . he said he practically threw himself against the door and was shaking and sick to his stomach by the time he made it there . the other staff asked him what happened and when he told them they said , “ oh , you finally saw the white lady . ” he 's like , “ wtf is that ? ” and they said they did n't know who she was or where she came from , but there had been reports of sightings like that at the camp for years and for whatever reason , she only ever appears to men . based on that , people had speculated that it might be the spirit of a woman looking for her husband or son , but there was no known history around the figure so nobody knew for sure . he said he refused to walk anywhere alone at night from there on out . it remains his only paranormal experience , but it made him a firm believer . when i asked him , he was adamant that there was no way it could have been a prank based on what he saw and felt , but who can say i guess . if it was a prank , it would have had to have been performed with 2007 technology . either way , creepy story .
hello , / u / heartshapedpetals , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as answers to common or recently asked questions can be found in the faq or through the search bar . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
your submission has been removed : this is not a sub for personal advice , evaluation , validation ( including " does anybody else ___ ? " questions ) , or recommendations . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
before anal sex me thinks .
ayo wtf :skull:
your submission has been removed : this is not a sub for personal advice , evaluation , validation ( including " does anybody else ___ ? " questions ) , or recommendations . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
piss
good point ! it was once before we dated , i 'd been talking about an outfit for a summer photoshoot , and i think he was just trying to communicate that he thought i would look cute in an outfit without telling me he thought * i * was cute personally yet . we 've since been dating for almost 3 years and he 'll help me shop for clothes when i ask him to , but definitely is n't controlling in that regard . however i have a friend whose ( also abusive in many other ways ) ex would shove down her throat what he expected her to wear and look like so i definitely understand how a suggestion could morph into a controlling dynamic . maybe i should 've considered that before leaving my comment - it was cute / harmless in my case and may be in some others , but could definitely lead to other things with a toxic partner .
yyyyyiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii * inhale * iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiikes
your submission has been removed : this is a common topic or recently asked question . please have a look at the front page , use the search bar , or have a look at our faq . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
act like a man
what has helped me us being transparent about how i feel . the thing about jealousy is that the more you keep those feelings to yourself , it grows until it suffocates you . i define jealousy according to even smallest signs of it , like wishing you had something someone else has . i find just telling the person " dude im so jealous and happy for you . arg i wish it would happen to me too ! " takes so much of that weight away . i 've been doing that for years and now i am not someone who gets jealous . i let go of that jealousy the minute i feel it and letting the person know makes me feel much better too . in relationships , i 've always bee considered the chilled girlfriend too because of how much i value communication and establishing good understanding between yourself and your partner . i hope this helps someone ! just remember , no one is perfect . and its important to be kind to yourself too . try to fall in love with your imperfections too ^ ^
male “ friends ” who make comments that scare you are n't your friend .
your comment has been removed : [ derailing ] ( HTTPURL ) of the topic is not permitted . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
you have to realize that it 's a sum of all the parts , and not all parts have to be perfect !
student loan .
your comment has been removed : [ derailing ] ( HTTPURL ) of the topic is not permitted . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
omegaverse is real . men are now impregnable and they 'll keep abortion and birth control legal . trans issues are all solved with omegaverse .
hurt cause they were my best friend we talked about everything together now we barley say happy birthday
only time i ever got “ jealous , ” it was more so discomfort because this girl was flirting with my boyfriend . i think it 's because i have a lot of faith that my boyfriend would n't cheat . he had an on and off crush on me for four years before we got together . in those four years he could 've gotten with someone prettier , smarter , funnier than me . but he did n't . we 're also each other 's first “ long ” relationship , we 're each other 's first times , and i 'm the first non-family member he 's ever said he loved . so that helps lol
hello sadgirlnc 25 . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
your comment has been removed : derailing the topic is not permitted . derailing includes but is not limited to : * changing the topic from op 's question * leaving a top-level comment when you 're not the target demographic * giving unsolicited advice * making someone else 's response about yourself * asking unrelated follow-up questions * branching into unrelated topics * " what-about " - ism * trying to start arguments , or debates * judging or rating other responses * meta comments about other responses * responding to comments to tell us how your dick feels . no one cares . for more information , please [ click here ] ( HTTPURL ) . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
omg i 'm so sorry
i can move my ears . with full control of each of them .
your submission has been removed : this is not a sub for personal advice , evaluation , validation ( including " does anybody else ___ ? " questions ) , or recommendations . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
that 's fucking terrifying , im glad you came out of that alright
fisting ... eeeeeeek
that when he was homeless , starving , and living in a tent city in the woods if someone died , they would eat them .
hello d_m-death_master . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
fastest hand sewing . i can do more than a stitch per second .
wtf ? ? ? /
more empathy . more mindfulness
your comment has been removed : [ derailing ] ( HTTPURL ) of the topic is not permitted . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
this is amazing , thank you so much for writing this !
that my hair had a reddish tone ( kind of strawberry ) that had to be dealt with as i got older.this told to 9 year old me by my mom ( who later dyed her auburn hair completely red ) i spent most of my teens and 20s trying to dye hair that now i think is perfectly fine . most people would pay to have it and since i stopped dying it dark , i get so many compliments .
um nothung but i was in mecca for a mini pilgrimage when i was 10 ( im a muslim and mom took me there ) and i asked my mom if i could take my hijab off bc it was hot ( it was a mandate there and i was in that transitionary age where you either dont need to wear it yet and you have to wear it ) and my mom said yes so i took it off . mom said after that an elderly man is blowing kisses to my direction as we walked past him , i wasnt wearing any head covering at all . dunno i jjst thiught it was weird bc i was covered at least from neck to toe ... also i came from a secyular country whers very few women wore a hijab and dressed pretty western and id never been treated that way before so yeah
sometimes getting treated like shut , it hits you all of a sudden that you have value especially when you would never treat someone the way someone treated you . when you realize that you 're worth more .
ugh taking my socks off so i could go clean up water that was spilling onto the floor . the guy had a foot fetish ...
my back hurts and i 'm being a baby about homework but other than that it 's pretty good .
my voice . i recorded the outgoing message for the financial firm i was working for . clients would call in on an 800 number and hear me go through every prompt " if you know your parties extension ... " and so forth . one day as i was answering calls , and client says " it 's you ! ! " i said " me who ? ? " he says " on the phone recording " i laughed and said " yes it 's me ! " he then started asking me what i look like , do i have a boyfriend , can he call me that evening do i can talk to him some more ... it got real raunchy real quick . i apologized that i could n't help him further as the conversation made me uncomfortable . before i could transfer the call to a male associate he said " you 're so fucking sexy , you have my number , please call me " ugh ... this was years ago but i remember like yesterday .
maybe correct women when they use the term ' real man '
most likely fart back to asset dominance . but definitely giggling at it .
i had yellow shirt on . and that was it .
blush should go on the apples of your cheeks
that no one will ever love me unless i 'm " soft " and feminine ( my mothers 80s version of feminine ; shaved pits and legs , long hair , more skirts than pants )
yeah i 've heard about that but not about inflicting it on others :triangular_flag: :triangular_flag: :triangular_flag:
when she ghosted my just after learning i was pregnant with my second child . we talked less and less everyday until finally i stopped initiating conversations and that 's when she completely stopped as well . my pregnancy was rough and i gave birth in the middle of winter ( cue seasonal depression to the max ) i really could have used someone other than my fiancé and family members at that time and i wish she would have stuck around , because i miss her even though now that i think about it she was the same way with my 1st child .
i had always read that birth control can help with acne . when i finally went to a dermatologist at like , 22 , she informed me that the kind i was on was actually causing my cystic acne .
demanded more pay .
glad to hear you are doing well !
or cheese
yes , i will offer my seat , because i am strong enough to stand and they may not be .
i hope you are okay . thanks for sharing :) very informative .
how bizarre
yes definitely .
where do you see yourself / us in 5 years ?
it seems they had major codependency issues which they should have sought progressional help for instead of a romantic relationship .
showing up to work . doing my assignments for college , not eating fast food
my baggy-ass scrubs . goes to show no matter what you 're wearing , men will find a way to sexualize a woman . even if she is wearing scrubs that fit like a potato sack .
maybe it was all in my head , but i could never eat a banana normally . i always thought the guys in middle school looked at me eating a banana and thought of it sexually . i was just eating a f * * * ing banana . so to this day 15 or so years later and married i always break a banana off in pieces to eat in front of any male . maybe it was the middle school snickering as i ate lunch or maybe it was it was in my head but i still can't take a bite off of a banana without thinking some guy will think of if sexually
“ stop eating candy ” and my absolute favorite of “ you should put baby pee on your face ” . she could not , however , explain to me how i was supposed to get baby pee .
i 'm catholic and proud prude and learned the hardway never tell a man you 're a virgin .
quit sooner . quitting that job had a bigger positive effect on my mental health than therapy or medication did .
to wear a waist trainer belt all day long to have a smaller waist . i was 10 mind you . thanks mama .
their childhood , what 's their parents like and how intelligent are they , what 's their gemology what diseases and or medical history , social security number , bank account , parenting style , patience and anger tolerance , work ethic , jesus christ everything .
my sister , who has both a baby face and a big rack , has been sexualized since she was about 11 when those things came in . i too have a big rack but i am also guilty of having a massive resting " do n't touch me , i will stab you with a spoon " face so people do n't bother me much . i look about 20ish , close to 30 because that 's my age . sis gets mistaken for a teenager all of the time by creepy men and that 's gross to both of us .
knowing how to build a skateboard . i used to be a manager at zumiez , and the only female that worked there in general . had a guy come in to purchase a new complete . he was a total misogynist at first .. i sold him the board and all the add ons that go with it but after he requested that my male associate set it up for him . after i explained to him that he was only on his 2-3 shift and had n't been trained to do it yet he ( begrudgingly ) let me do it . when i was done setting it up perfectly he made a comment on how they " must have trained me well " and i told him nah i 've been setting up my own boards since i was 14 . he then got really pervy and creepy , made a comment about how he 'd love to see what else i can do with a screwdriver and how he 'd love me to take him for a ride and asked for my number . needless to say it was very weird and uncomfortable . he would come in from time to time and request me by name and i 'd always pawn him off on one of the guys lol i 'd get all kinds of other weird pervy men that just thought it was cool that i was a female working at zumiez ... like loads of woman work at that company just not in my store lol
he 's very polite and generally says excuse me and tries not to do it around me . i 'm not gonna judge , i 'm human so obviously i do it too . sometimes , on rare occasions , he 'll make a show of it in some comical way and i 'll be like what the actual fuck are you doing , then he farts . and in those instance i 'm apparently a 10yo boy cause it cracks me up .
not waiting to have kids . i know i know it was my choice to have them and i could have been more responsible blah blah blah :expressionless_face: i 'm 22 turning 23 this year and i have a 2.5 year old and a one month old , and sometimes i wish i had waited so i could have more in life :confused_face:
omg i feel this to the core ! ! ! i 'm in my 20 ' s also , and have had it since i was like 12 . i can't for the life of me get it to go away :loudly_crying_face: everyone 's so quick to give " tips " and think they know how to resolve something like this , but its really not that easy
no long term effects . i 'm doing just fine : i 'm in good health , have a cool career , a loving partner , a teenager ( who i conceived a couple years after the abortion ) , a dog , some good friends , good relations with my family , and an electric car ( hey , i think it 's cool , only rich people used to have em and they were still mostly scifi when i was young ) .
for having a sore throat .
:face_vomiting: :face_vomiting: :face_vomiting:
crying each time i think of them
these are good questions . would a bad answer to one question be a deal breaker for the relationship for you e . g . you disagreed on what age your child should get access to a phone , or would it depend ?
the absolute fear of beingg judged makes me thank the universe for self-checkout lanes . buying tampons as a young adult / older teen i would get dirty looks from the older women , some being my classmates mothers . had a friend who started avoiding me after a situation like that . sooo ya , i will always go to self checkout if it 's an option .
i am also tattooed , all my sleeve a bunch on my torso and hips and a very big one on my leg , also my hands . haha i was just kidding . i 'm a pro of dumb tattoos , they represented something good or bad .
37.8
currently using retin-a . after being not so consistent the last few months i started being consistent recently , and my acne has gotten way worse since then . life is not fair .
i made a joke to my dad that came out wrong and sounded even more insensitive than it already was . he does n't show emotions very much , but i know it upset him . i still think about a lot .
this post has been removed as it is not an open ended questions , it is a common topic , and it is not inclusive of minority demographics . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post .
33 female ... feel the same way
being a little person / person with dwarfism . i 've never understood it .
make it so people can't get at you unless you leave the house . specifically thru the internet or your phone
i went on a few overnight breaks with a fairly new friend . she paid for one for me . when i messaged her about going out she said i was n't her type of person and the last trip we went on i kept wandering off and the band that we had gone to see were good . i do tend to wander about but my other mates are used to it . i was n't upset as she was a recent friend who i had met on a night out but i would like to still be friends as she is one of my few karaoke friends almost all my other friends are n't too keen kn karaoke .
i remember looking up acne remedies and i found a really reputable-sounding site that basically said sun exposure and washing your face in hot shower water will help . those are like , the two worst things you can do for your skin . i 'm still mad about it .
that was rude of them . i 'm an able bodied fit woman who has been offered a seat multiple times and i was so pleased to be considered by a stranger , whether i took the seat or not . do n't let rude people stop you from being kind .
i had one in early april 2020 which was an absolute nightmare given that it was the first intense wave of the pandemic . they made me leave the clinic for two weeks to basically be preggo longer because i was “ too early ” . just walked around crying for weeks - got morning sickness , hormonal , the whole shebang . i was terrified it was going to be too late to terminate because of some other pandemic issue and with my competitive career field i cried every day that i might lose my career which i absolutely love . took the two pills - honestly it was extremely painful for me . passed huge clots , one of which i knew was “ the baby ” because it looked different from the rest . it was really intense . i was super fucked up from it to be honest . had a super several-week long period then got an iud immediately . get very very worried when my boobs feel swollen at all or if i get a weird cramp or two . it 's terrifying seeing my body get ready like that - my body was fucking stoked to have a baby - that was the most terrifying part - just how quickly my body was ready to change and move stuff all around to * ~ * make room ! * ~ * . no . stop it . i do n't want to make room . i can't make room . this will ruin my life . i will resent this child and they 'll grow up and be scarred for life and never be able to form healthy relationships because their mother resented them i can't do it please be gone i 'm so sorry ! i often wonder if the abortion was hard , or maybe i was living with a parent with lung cancer , was dating a mentally unstable man , and the world was literally falling apart , and my career was on pause because of the pandemic as well . everything was really intense then ...
for watching anime . they automatically think youlove hentai for some reason and start sexualising you and also , cosplay , i did sahsa brauss cosplay once and the comments really brought me down
glad they were so supportive ! !
did it . loved it . i 'll never do it with drugs again . the natural euphoria and primal connection without drugs vs my time with was insane .
loosing weight , i only did it for my health . not to be gawked at by guys did n't look at me twice back in high school
st . ives will help your acne .
thanks for sharing ! ! it 's always nice people around . :)
that 's bc she also has to love and respect !
not delivering my kids naturally . i had c-sections . apparently that was sexy af 🤷‍♀
what is with that ? i get way more attention when i tie back my hair into a ponytail . i 'm hoping against hope it 's not because it makes me look “ younger ” ...
this
so my so had an engineering bachelors and hated it . started working in the hospital but not in a patient facing role while studying for an associate 's degree in nursing . that got them the job . after a couple of years of saving they did online schooling and at this point their job also offered a fixed amount per year for ‘ furthering education ' type programs . using that they finished their bsn . apparently it 's also common for people to start as nursing technicians and get the floor experience + paycheck while studying for an associates and then progress up to an rn and finish the bachelors . also there 's a timeline on the science requirements for the bachelors . if your original degree is more than 5 years old at the time you are trying to get the bsn , they will make you retake the basic math / bio courses .
my mom always encouraged me and my sister , because we both love make-up , mostly as a creative outlet . she bought us products that she knew were good every now and then . even though she has problems with other people seeing her not wearing any , my sister and i do n't have that problem . i feel like make-up is fun , and helps me express myself . it does n't necessarily makes ne feel more beautiful , i do n't have any insecurities walking around without it . since the pandemic , i do n't wear any most of the time . it mostly makes me feel more me .
the leather community is a whole world of fetish . in fact it 'd be one of the original communities .
* never say , " you can't do xyz , it 's for girls . " * try to comfort them when they cry , do n't shame them for crying . * teach them about consent , and model it for them ( e . g . asking " can i have a hug ? " and respecting the kid 's answer if they say no )
you 're welcome . all in all i think the physical stuff only lasted like a day and half or so , hit like a mac truck though . and i did n't experience anything the lady at pp did n't cover . they were great .
zoey 101
not starting dance or acrobatics when i was younger . if i had i would be in much better shape in general and not so far behind now
yes - and anyone else in need . it 's being raised to respect elders and help those who are in need for me . call it conditioning or continuous training on how to behave as a child - it 's just automatic for me .
i have small boobs . been braless for ten years now , never wanna wear a bra again ! lol
like suggestive comments ? or just “ woah that is unusual ! ” type comments
thank you for asking .
did that with my peach fuzz facial hair . now its a freaking beard and i have to once or twice a day
that one thing i said i was scared of , they told me to go after it . when i was being airhead they made me think about priorities
i 'm a man who once dated a lesbian for a few weeks , and there are 2 reasons why i think that was one of the sexiest experience in my life : 1 . obviously human tend to like something that is unavailable to them more . ‘ oh , you do n't like man ? that just makes me want you more ' 2 . due to lesbian ( and probably gay men ? idk ) not used to penetrative sex , they have much more creativity in the bedroom , which makes the foreplay like super hot and intimate so yes , as much as it weird , but lesbians are hot in men 's eyes .
my dad 's friend asked me what was making the little bulge in the front of my shirt .. the tiny flower on my training bra .
why are you embarrassed ?
yeah no i 've always done everything exactly right since i was a teenager so you would think i would 've always had perfect skin . big lie . the only thing that truly made a huge difference was tretinoin , but even with that i still break out pretty badly every now and then .
mind my own business . keep my circle real small .
" dont wear makeup you look like a cheap whore " still dont wear it
not seeing the great white shark exhibit :(
atomic fireballs , hot tamales , or anything spicy cinnamon fs
i would n't enter into a relationship where that would be an option . just a bunch of dudes sitting around , drinking alcohol usually , getting boners . it 's such a weird concept to me , and i dont think it would be a good time for me to date someone who is totally fine sitting next to his friends while they all get erections .
i only pushed twice and for about 90 seconds total with my second .
i wish i could say this but as soon as i was 18 all the sexualizing i went through was pushed even more onto me ...
depends . ladies you know when the person you 're dating is really into you . time will tell you that . so , it 's a combination of those two factors that would let me know if he can go , have fun but know his limits . personally , if he went to look and support let 's say his friend who 's getting married .. sure . if he 's going on a regular basis , paying these women and or getting a touch around back then heck no .
terrible . and yes i would do it again .
if they 're cystic / bacterial , do n't pop . blackheads can be popped ; i own a comedone extractor for this very purpose . small whiteheads are usually very easy to give a tiny squeeze and they open up ( they 're just blackheads that are n't in contact with air ) . but in general my rule is if a gentle squeeze does n't work , stop . i stick benzagel on and try again the next day .
my friend had one when we were 19 and since her mom had a hard time dealing with it i went with her to the hospital so she would n't be alone . she got it surgically removed . she experienced zero pain and we kind of had a nice afternoon despite the circumstances and she napped , we talked and laughed . i remember thinking then that i hoped i would have a hard time living with going through something so big like that . cut to 5 years ago when i was 26 ... my boyfriend went with me and we 100 % agreed on the decision . did n't have any doubts even for a second . there was an anti-abortion protestor outside the facility like you see it in the movies but one of the staff immediately opened the door for us and told her to stop harassing her clients . everyone i met at the clinic were incredibly professional , caring and empathetic ! i got the two pills and honestly for two days it was incredibly painful and i vomited and bled like crazy ! remember bleeding quite a bit for another two weeks but after that i did n't feel any physical or emotional pain . it 's never something i think about and it has n't been hard to live with at all like i had feared as a teenager . i think as long as you have no doubts and a partner or good friend by your side you 'll be fine .
troll 2 is my favorite .
but if you 're aggressive then you 're “ abrasive ” ... which men are never called
i 'm so sorry that that happened to you . remember that you were doing your best with what information you had at the time . i hope you heal .
to never pop zits . that it would always make it worse . 99 % of the time if i do n't pop it , it will stay forever .
to never pop zits . that it would always make it worse . 99 % of the time if i do n't pop it , it will stay forever .
i like those cheesy and sappy romance / coming of age movies .
same .
not wearing a bra ...
shifting my body weight from one side to the other and nodding my head to the music awkwardly
i would n't judge them for watching porn , since i too would probably still watch porn from time to time . but paying for it ! ? oh no , honey we need to have a conversation about this .
i met one of my best friends on slowly ! we matched on the app , then switched to e-mails , then texting , then i flew overseas to spend two weeks with his family . next month ( covid willing ) , i 'll be flying to see him for a second time ! slowly is great .
grocery shopping , laundry , video games , usually cooking for the week .
i 'm actually about to move in order to work on attempting to break into voice acting ... we 'll see if i have a real answer for this question next time it comes around lol
if it 's not personal and awkward i frequently enjoy banter and sexual humour that can be construed as flirting .
i personally want a family , but i want to say about my uncle who is 63 years old and has no wife or children . he never wanted to and lived alone . he feels good and has gotten used to it , but still loneliness has driven him crazy . his example motivates me to focus on making a family
as a star wars nerd i have always hated this . it is itself an absolute .
financial responsibility , pay bills and debt first , then toiletries , then groceries , then savings , then spend a little on yourself .
self care ( sunday ! )
this
say anything .
that 's terrifying . so sorry you had to go through that .
can i get your number maam . i know u r an indian so it will be easy to meet u .
let 's have a look at today . - took care of my child - read - watched a service on telly - watching the latest episode of " the crown "
i hate when people do not go the speed of traffic . if everyone else is doing 50 in a 40 please do 50 .
macquia , belle 2020 , bunny girl senpai , and violet evergarden
... and dentists for neck and back problems . when you talk to people who have lost their health they will often tell you they would give you * everything * to get their health back . you know sometimes folks ... work-life balance is more important than your income . i would rather be happy and poor than miserable and rich :)
i strongly dislike hearing people use the " n " word in all of its forms from any race , including that of my own ( black ) . the dislike varies from race to race . like if your latino and use the " n " word i feel disgust , because apparently they think since they 're not white it 's ok since they have black friends . and if you 're white and 1 . ) use the " n " word like back in the day , i dislike you like the sewer rat infestation you are . 2 . ) use the " n " word cause you have black friends and / or family and / or grew up around black people i dislike you for your stupidity and lack of worth . i wish we could just use " dude " instead . i 'm a bit of a tomboy so no i dont care if your female , i use " dude " in general for everyone in a gender neutral way .
english professor . and i finished the doctorate and everything . the faith that you 're eventually going to get that tenure-track job is a delicious , and lethal , drug . it 's absolutely just right around the bend - - next academic year you 'll surely get something . it 's such a cult .
make props / floats for a parade / carnival
research scientist - i 'm so glad i did n't pursue it beyond a year of work . i realized it was n't for me and i was not interested in pursuing a phd
fair enough
church in the morning , lunch afterwords , and then i 've got the rest of the day to myself .
i kinda want the greaser era to come back
this time of year : watch football , cook , read , have a long soaker bath , watch pbs , lurk on social media , and read some more .
hugs . going through grief is huge and overwhelming and sometimes awful . just ... more hugs .
we do a double foot rub . basically we just sit at opposite ends of the lounge and we simultaneously run each other 's foot . if either of us stops it 's an unwritten rule that you dig your heel in to remind them to rub :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing: we also yell out cacaaaa when we 're in the shower - i 'm not sure how it started , but it 's a signal that we 're almost finished and the other person needs to hurry up and get in . its sick and now our kids do it too :face_with_tears_of_joy:
same .
in the same vein , i hate when people do the same with southern american accents . it 's almost always used derogatorily and always incorrectly .
if a guy friend of mine tried to flirt with me , i would stop being friends with them . why ? because that behaviour means that they do n't value me as a friend , only as a potential lover . fuck that .
spice girl
it 's usually on a couch or chair in the living room , ready to go at a moment 's notice .
since all of these posts answering your questions are from people that hate their teaching job , i want to give a different perspective . i have been teaching high school science for 7 years in a low income urban district and i love it . everything they said is correct and i agree that you have to be mentally tough to handle it long term . the positives of teaching : i get to constantly learn new things about my topics and introduce them to my students . science is easier to teach in that when a student asks “ why are we learning this ” , i can throw out actual examples of how it could affect their life ( biology is super important right now ) . i also never really have days that are monotonous or exactly the same - we move from one content to the next and that keeps my mind busy . i enjoy the interactions that i have with my students as well . the negatives : long hours making content and grading . if you teach a new subject from the past you have to plan it out , make the content , and then keep of track where it went wrong . grading upper level classes can take forever as well , i used to spend many saturdays in front of the tv grading . covid and school closures made all of this worse - all that time that i spent making worksheets now have to be redone to make them online and actually user friendly . this year i 'm still working late because really good work that i put online now also needs to be transferred back to paper ( i like to mix it up and do some paper and some online during class ) . grading has gotten better with the move to online and i no longer have to take grading home . the absolute worst thing that this pandemic has done is that it is putting all the pressure on teachers to fix problems . my district has mask mandates and still tons of students and teachers are out any given day . no one in their right mind wants to sub right now , so teachers duty blocks ( which used to be extra time to grade / plan ) are now taken to cover classes . if they take away your planning period at least they have to pay you , but it 's not worth the extra 25 dollars when you now have to spend your own time making up the difference .
good teachers make all the difference :pleading_face: :purple_heart:
blue
for us carriers at least most standards are pretty lax , other carriers like emirates have very strict standards still like age , weight , and i believe even marriage status . for us carriers the only standards are you have to fit in the jumpseat without a seatbelt extender , natural hair ( can dye it just not crazy colors ) , nails can't be super long or painted crazy ( they break a lot anyways ) , hair just has to be pulled back if it 's long , combed , wearing deodorant , and makeup standards are way down , i never wore any anymore , just a thin coat of mascara and a moisturizer and powder , but yeah complexion just has to be ‘ fresh and healthy ' or essentially coverable / manageable when i did have bad acne . basically just have good hygiene and grooming .
work , 7am - 7pm !
law . my goal in high school was to go to law school , and i 'm glad i never did . in college i found my " true " calling of social work , and i 've never looked back !
that sounds so nice . also , being able to have a straight conversation with your students sounds like a blessing . i have had teachers sit me down during my mba n tell me why i should drop / pick a subject coz of my skills . can't imagine doing that with kids
sleep ... lots and lots of sleep ... like 13 hours of sleep .. it 's like my reset / recharge day .
ask him if he still loves you if you won the lottery but did n't share . i 'll be right here , waiting for your report .
any tips on making connections that feel natural ? i 'm autistic and always over analyze talking to people . not necessarily industry connects , just connecting with an audience . i would rather demonstrate my audience will show up and buy what i got , but it be say , 50k people , than have 300k that are only on the mailing list . either way , i gotta start from the bottom , and that 's including personal brand . i want to be connected to my audience
i 've done it for various reasons ; sexting / horny , bored . hubby and i regularly send nsfw snapchats to each other while we 're at work , gets us off :drooling_face:
work 12 hours ...
our grocery store now only sells broccoli shrink-wrapped in plastic . wt actual f ?
i do my laundry and a little house cleaning . i watch my church on tv
hahaha teens do come with their own set of challenges . what with their hormones rampant n all
travel agent . this was the early 80 ' s .
that 's wonderful ! i hope you get the opportunity to cover just the kind of stories and topics you want ! the place i interned at was a national news channel and is still very reputed but we were forced to cover the story because our competitors were covering it and we looked like we were lagging behind - - - at least , that 's my understanding of events . but i hope you have a better , more fulfilling experience :)
an ex of mine never texted , in the 5 years we were together i could count how many times he texted me on my hands . he did n't respond to texts , rarely answered calls and honestly could n't communicate well face to face . it was extremely frustrating . he 's an ex for a reason . that 's not the reason , but contributed .
suddenly , everything i blocked out from my childhood came to light . i started remembering things that happened to me as a child by them . i had to cut them out of my life because they made me feel like everything that happened to me was my fault or the best they could do . feels amazing not having them around any more . amazing . not have not having family sucks , but when you have family like mine , who needs enemies .
okay two things : 1 . that 's sounds exhausting , both emotionally n physically . 2 . all my respect to you :purple_heart: i can't imagine working like this . i have worked with at risk youth n the fear that one of them will lose their path was constant . what you do is 100x that . i can't imagine
profesional chef .
basically anything unnatural .
your submission has been removed because this question contains a post title or topic that is already active or commonly discussed . we are not accepting any new submissions regarding this post / topic this time so please search the subreddit using keywords before reposting . you can view our faq [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) or search the subreddit . you can always go to r / findareddit to find the right place for your post . if you think you received this message in error , link your post & please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was auto-removed for asking for asking about a commonly asked subject . " & message =) . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
yeah that 's what my food-mentor thought too . i have been counting macros since the last fall , and i 'm eating now more protein than earlier . so it just might be that i have n't been eating the right amount of protein long enough to see the results . i must say i hate countig macros . i absolutely hate eating and only thinking about the numbers the food consists . but i have definitely made some progress in weights and pull ups etc . i think i should stop staring at the mirror and start focusing more on the progress i make in the gym , i do n't know . i also do crossfit with a program that should help me lift heavy enough .
linguist
we always do a " last glance " before one of us leaves the house . before the person leaving gets out of eyesight ( closes the door , leaving room , etc ) the other will look up or get in a position so we can make eye contact and give a smile .
randy orton or shawn michaels in the 90s
i feel this .
journalist . i even got as far as doing a masters in it , but it made me realise that i 'd have to go against an awful lot of my morals to be successful in the industry .
applying super cool eye makeup & well ... makeup in general . i can't see well . my vision is -7.75 & it 's so-so hard to blend & evenly apply the lightest , most neutral makeup ! it 's an enormous challenge ! i have to typically do it outside in my vehicle ( stopped , of course ) while using the natural daylight mixed with a light-up 5.5 ” round compact which has both regular & magnified mirrors ( & the lights go all the way around ) .
that 's a great workaround - - - you 're still doing what you like ( hopefully ) while also having greater control over the stories you cover ! :d
it 's per diem , you 're not actually getting paid for your job you 're doing , just your tafb ( time away from base ) , so that money clock rolls from the time you punch in for the trip to the time you punch out back in base . so no , you are n't actually getting paid for the job that deserves pay ( dealing with pax , cleaning , catering , mtx delay , wx delay , etc . ) besides the per diem which is all of $ 2 / hour and always rolling while you 're away from home .
briefly wanted to be a model ... realised that i 'd have to never eat what i want and probably get perved on by loads of men in the industry . i would rather be a real person .
go to church , cook any new recipe , clean my flat , go to gym , then watch one chick flick movie at night .
he and triple h have always had dad energy and i am in to that .
i work monday to friday at the moment so saturdays are for shopping sundays are for mostly getting my nerd on .. crossword puzzles , reading , lego . oh and eating , sitting and de-hairing for the week ahead . also trying to survive the back to school feeling on a sunday night .
there are parts of a relationship that make it much easier to last ( besides love ) - similar values , similar culture , similar views on finances / how to save etc
i desperately wanted to be an archeologist as a kid . when i got older , i realized it was n't nearly as exciting as movies and books made it seem .
same . i have dark hair , light eyes , and pale skin with yellow / olive undertones . i 'd look like i was dying as a blond lmao
your comment has been removed because : your karma is too low to participate on askwomen . you will be able to participate when your karma has increased . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i 'm a part time coach and trainer , with a full time career . i could n't handle the income insecurity and the pressure . and the canadian winter ... now i just have 5-6 students , who want to ride the right way but not compete and all have their own horse , and 1 horse in training ( 2 or 3 in the summer ) . i choose my clients carefully and refer the other ones to good trainers i know , depending on their goals and budget . i would love to do this full time but it 's just too much .
my mother has aged horribly and i 'm not the least bit concerned about aging the same way . my mother has lived a life full of drugs , alcohol and is a chain smoker . she lacks healthy eating habits and is on 17 different types of medicine . our choices depict how we age . i do n't drink , smoke or do drugs and for the most part , have a healthy diet .
i sneezed so hard i hit my head off the shopping trolley handle . i had a massive bruise right down the middle of my forehead
came here to say this . does n't matter how much spray they use or how many bobby pins to hold up that updo , my hair will not stand for it . down and flat again within an hour or two . i have a metric fuckton of hair but it 's very fine and silky and just refuses to be anything but straight .
abusive and psychotic behaviour that ended with her accusing me of abusing my son and threatening to call cps and take him away from me to be raised by her . there was no basis for the accusation . it was my mother .
hey thanks i 'll take a look into it
your submission has been removed because this question contains a post title or topic that is already active or commonly discussed . we are not accepting any new submissions regarding this post / topic this time so please search the subreddit using keywords before reposting . you can view our faq [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) or search the subreddit . you can always go to r / findareddit to find the right place for your post . if you think you received this message in error , link your post & please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was auto-removed for asking for asking about a commonly asked subject . " & message =) . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
apparently the profession has one of the highest suicide rates . vets are overworked , treated like shit by most people , and constantly have to put animals down . i have a friend who was a vet tech . got into it because she loved animals but left because she saw how some of her colleagues who had been in the profession for a long time became desensitized and lost their love for animals . she 's a professional groomer now instead so she can still be around animals but not have to deal with the sad stuff and the bullshit .
my neighborhood has a porch happy hour every friday evening in the summers ! just took one friendly neighbor to spread the word and now we all take turns hosting each week . the rule to keep it simple for the host is that it 's byob and the host supplies simple snacks
journalism , law , and law enforcement . i ended up in tech and could not be happier .
noooooooooooooo for 13892138 91 reasons , biggest one being that it will cause drama , every single time , i shut that shit down very very fast , no flirting with me if you 're my friend , it 's creepy and makes me question our friendship .
music and art as an incentive for political or social change and not just something to be easily digested and moved on from
i game , binge one of my favorite shows or watch a movie .
hello separatead 591 . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
movie and cuddles .
beat me to it
a long distance bike ride in the countryside . hot bath . video games or a good film or book . perfect . :)
emotional detachment , cancel culture , using men for money , ' next'ing men ( aka serial dating ) , power tripping and hurting men who are emotionally attached , hyper-fixation on material wealth , sleeping around and denying emotionally detrimental effects , the idea of ruining a man 's life for fun , fucking another woman 's boyfriend or husband as if its something to be proud of .
i was still able to shave my legs and armpits without any issues . i do n't remove my public hair so that was n't an issue .
if not working , laying in bed thinking about other jobs or sleeping
i wanted to be anything my dad was . i 'm glad i did n't become a truck driver .
i do n't even know where to start ! i cut my mother out of my life about 5 years ago . growing up she was incredibly physically violent ( choking me to unconsciousness , kicking me with steel cap boots ) and just as bad mentally . once i grew up and moved out , i distanced myself but we still had a relationship . when i had kids , i wanted to give her the opportunity to change , to show that she was n't this horrible nasty person but she could n't - she found no joy in having my children near her ( and if she did , she certainly did n't act like it ) . it got to the stage where she added absolutely nothing of value to my life or theirs , and i have n't seen her since . best 5 years of my life ! !
things i 've witnessed in my family 's marriages , ( i 'm single and never married ) , living arrangements , actually knowing and / or spending time w / their s . o . , finances , family feuds . seems that the couples wait till they get married to move in together , leads to disaster obviously . not spending enough quality time together or taking the time to get to know the person they 're dating on a personal level . huge mistake especially after getting married . the women in my family , on my mother 's side , seem to have the mindset where the man should provide financially and the women should manage the money he makes . while the man has no say in it . her money is her money and his money is her 's too . very toxic , never ends well . both people in the relationship are stubborn and refuse to see eye to eye with each other 's family . causing drama in their relationship cause they bring their families into their personal relationship . bad idea . although they are very successful people career wise and financially , my family lacks intelligence when it comes to love .
ehh . i have one guy friend who jokingly , strictly jokingly , flirts with all his female friends . i feel like it 's just built into his vocabulary by now . each time he says flirty stuff though i either just say thankyou or we both laugh at it . i do n't flirt back , and he does n't expect me to . we 're both currently single , but if i have an so and they want this to stop , i 'm sure i 'd have no issue talking to this one friend and asking him to stop . it means nothing from the start , so we 'd still be good friends regardless .
going to school with a black eye that was swollen shut , because my mother got mad and punched me in the face yet again . i did n't like the outfit she wanted me to wear so instead of saying , fine wear something else , she beat me into submission . then showed up at the school , under the pretense that i forgot my lunch money , pretended to be lovey dovey while hugging me and saying , " if you tell anyone , i 'll give you another black eye when you get home " .
i was in grade school , maybe around 7 or 8 years old maybe , and my brother 5 or 6 .. my mom and dad used to fight a lot . my dad would only argue back sometimes , but my mom would almost always hurt him . one time we were all on a drive and they started fighting for a reason i can't remember . we were n't the only ones on the road because the traffic was bad . my mom got so mad that the window on the side of her seat broke , and the our windows were n't tinted that well so people in their own cars were staring at us . it was so scary and also humiliating , my brother and i tried to hide by crouching underneath our seats . it was so long ago but the sight of my mom in her fit of rage has stayed with me all this time . growing up i 've always feared being in her company , and being in the company of others while she is present because of her temper . she has done it many times before and after this incident , but this particular one is so vivid in my memories .
but does anyone remember " pizza pizza , happy meal , pepperoni and cheese " ?
the first like three things are all centered around the cats . lol
yaaaayyy ! congrats !
ahh it 's this very magical thing that can only be created when a skilled roller brings cannabis and papers together in perfect harmony
mental peace :victory_hand:
officer , right here .
give them their shit back
search for my damn phone
the only time i eat hotdogs is when i 'm at a baseball game . there 's no other way to eat them .
white castle breakfast at 1 in the morning .
tend to my young children bright and mf early . :upside-down_face:
i was raped when i was 16 . someone nr by called the police , they turned up got me off the ground pulled my jeans up and told me " do n't make such a fuss , this is the 70 ' s " took me home where my own father interrogated me as to what i had done ?
grilled steak and corn on the cob at my grandparents house in the summer when i was a kid , in and out of the pool . something about being dripping wet , slightly cold , and wrapped in a towel while eating fresh grilled food just really hits !
lol
i 'll answer for my wife . she takes care of the pets needs first . everything else comes after . otherwise they wo n't leave her alone .
great answer !
love — idgaf hate — peeing when i sneeze :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
jeremy sisto
i 've seen male and female . the women just seem nicer . i do have a male gp who is lovely though .
could you explain what a spliff is ?
greasy , salty food after a workout
all very important answers !
take my temperature
savers is also awful btw
knowing that i would not get the same kinda love that i 'm willing to give .
yes ! i always make myself a death by chocolate cake for my birthday and it 's always the best eating a chilled slice with a cup of coffee !
hello , / u / jfqlending , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as it contains or solicits graceless generalizations . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
oh did you manage lack of focus ? i m struggling with this .
oh , you 're definitely not the only one . there 's a widely available variety of accessories to enable your shower beer tendencies . suction cup-holders that you can stick to the wall of the shower , etc . & #x200b ; one of my showers has a tiny window that is about 3 " higher than the water stream , it 's the perfect place to put a can while showering . only downside is if i finish the beer while in the shower i usually forget about it and then there 's just a tell-tale empty beer can in the shower .
having enough money to stare off into the distance while filling my tank .
hello , / u / afraidrequirementalt , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as it contains or solicits graceless generalizations . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
ginger ale or apple juice on an airplane
soup
a great outfit , interesting pair of shoes or bag . or the opposite .
open my eyes
my first thought is fuck , another mlm .
well thanks everyone , i 'm having a beer in the shower tonight to test this out !
it 's probably a combination of being way more sensitive ( orgasm much easier ) after having kids , not sure if that applies to all mothers tho probably not , and learning how my body works and what i like .
tacobell . drunk . 1 am . dank .
finding acceptance of myself and finding peace in my life . if i love myself and my life is peaceful - - that 's perfect happiness .
what about when his face hurts from making people laugh ? you know , like chris rock ?
restaurant food
oh this sounds glorious ! ! i need to get some of these asap lol .
same . i started hating the look on my female therapist face whenever we met . it was so fake with a hint of wanting it to be over with . never had that problem with male therapists so far . i can cry without that look of disgust so i definitely prefer males .
to tell them you have an sti . :downcast_face_with_sweat:
i have traveled to iran by myself .
life ! !
oh god my one friend has fallen down the joe rogan pipeline and it 's so bad . his commentary is filled with horrible takes and he invites and platforms the absolute worst people in the name of " giving a voice to both sides " .
has a hot ass
well , all my exes and i have remained good friends . we often reach out to each other to hang out or just to ask how life 's treating us . no ulterior motives , they have their gfs and lives aside from mine ; we 've just dealt with things in a pretty mature manner .
pee .
set a 15 minute timer then go back to sleep . the second time i 'm up i 'll either reset or stare at my cat who is harassing me to get up and feed him :face_with_tears_of_joy:
travel to more than 30 countries . took skills to save money , book flights , hostels , putting together itineraries , ...
yes !
100 % to every single word ! i 'm so sorry .
shower
funny you should say that .
omg
check my phone , obvi , what kind of well-balanced healthy choice making maniac answers literally anything else ! ?
i ( f ) have a male therapist . most of my ongoing , chronic ptsd occurrences are female related so i might be biased to having more trust in a male therapist . i had one women therapist , and as another commenter stated , my anxiety disorder was heightened when seeing her . i too felt worthless and stuck with no sense of direction when i had a woken therapist . my current therapist is male , and he is awesome . he 's patient and allows me to be human . i 'm more open with him , and definitely do n't feel judged like i did with my previous therapist . he does n't force me to go at his pace , i 'm allowed to go at mine . i always think women could relate to my problems , but it ends up repeatedly being they relate to my face , then talk down about me when i 'm not around as if they completely do n't feel for me . i 'm trying to avoid women like that from red flags early on in getting to know them , but it 's hard to get dropping people and not having anybody to even be an acquaintance with :(
i 'm on the receiving end of this at the moment and it is irritating and frankly painful ... he pops up once every couple months lately , despite the fact it is not good for me and he has a new girlfriend . he knows that i 'm friends with a couple exes and he assumes he falls into that category , cos we 've known each other 16years ( together almost 3 ) but the way he ended it and the way he behaved in the months after , firmly put him in the " no way i want you in my life " category . i know im the best sex he 's ever had , it was very clear during and i think , that he thinks , if he stays on the periphery of my life , should i want to reach out for a random hook-up , he 'd be first in line . but i 'd rather sew it up and light it on fire before that happens . the other exes im friends with , is because we spent years together , we grew up together , shared many awesome memories and trips and so on ... we were like family . i loved his relatives like they were my own and sometimes , you just wanna check in . make sure everyones well and share updates on life . for me , i dont use social media , so staying in touch with specific people is an effort that i chose to undertake , rather than just posting updates and hoping the people you want to see them acknowledge it . it feels more genuine to go out of my way to revisit ex-mil / ex-fil for an afternoon with a little gift and a have a full detailed catch up
coffee and a cigarette
so did i and i have no idea why lol .
i personally do n't do that , but there are people who do . i have also heard of people using maple syrup or golden syrup on them . all of these make them into a kind of sweet or dessert , but the way we eat them in my family ( the traditional way ) is slathered with butter an eaten on the side with the christmas food . we also deep-fry the dough scraps and eat them as a snack .
convince myself it 's worth it to drag my ass out of bed to go pee .
i just had a long-distance ex from decades ago message me this week to let me know that he 's flying out here because he bought tickets to a community theater play that i 'm in . i do n't know why he did it , there 's a lot of reasons to reach out to an ex that are just chill friendship , checking in on you , curious to see how you 're doing . but if that 's how you 're doing it , that 's not what this is .
leftovers eaten anywhere but home . i hate leftovers . i prefer fresh cooked food . but it 's hard not having leftovers when cooking for one . esp when u used to cook for many . so i always take my leftovers to work or a picnic or hike . when i eat it outdoors it tastes so much better !
hello oppositeindustry . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , copy & paste a link your post & [ click here to contact modmail . ] ( HTTPURL ) . please include the reason you are contesting this post and a link to your message . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i only have one ex i still keep in touch with , we send pics of our dogs back and forth and sometimes memes it 's pretty great tbh
i 'm changing it up . i worked on my garden but after the neverending battle of weeds and stupid loose pets crapping in my flowerbed , i 'm taking it all out and starting container gardening that 's easier on me when i 'm sick . this way i still get to enjoy the hobby without it causing me undue stress .
women : tits , waist , ass , neck , lips , eyes , hair . men : hands , arms , hair , eyebrows , eyes , back , chest , jaw .
beer or wine on the patio on a sunny day (:
i agree with all of these . hello fellow person with excellent taste :raising_hands:
i 've reached out because i missed them and wanted to get back together . i did n't have it in my head that broke up for a reason . i 've learned my lesson lol .
“ fucking bitch atleast give me enough blanket for my feet ” lol oof
yes ! the chips do n't seem to travel well
this comment or post has been removed for derailing . derailing includes but is not limited to : - changing the topic from op 's question - making someone else 's response about yourself - asking unrelated follow-up questions - branching into unrelated topics - " what-about " - ism - arguments , slap-fighting , or debating - judging or rating other responses - meta comments about other responses - responding to comments to tell us how your dick feels . no one cares . if you have any questions about this moderation action , please message the moderators through the link on the sidebar or [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , please include a link to the removed content for review .
pizza late night fatty
spliff in the sunshine
physical and mental health , enough money not to have to worry about basic living costs , loving people who love me back .
how is this done best ?
cut off my alarm , consider saying fuck it and rolling over to go back to sleep . stare at the ceiling , grumble , then reluctantly get up . ( i am very obviously not a morning person )
overall , i had good parents compared to some other people . but some of the stuff they did when i was young was really fucked up , and i just can't imagine treating a child that way . religious abuse , treating every tiny thing a child does that an adult does n't like as if it will send me to hell and thinking the solution to the smallest problem is shouting and hitting me . i have this memory of my parents asking me to clean up the living room . i did , and i swear to god my dad knocked something onto the ground just so he had an excuse to yell at me and tell me i was going to hell for not listening and cleaning . my siblings saw him do that , so i know i was n't making it up . they 're very good parents now , and honestly help me with things in a way that they never did when i was a kid , i swear when i went off to college like 12 years ago they were replaced with completely different people because they changed so much lol .
same if i do n't have coffee i 'm useless
yep . my husband and i are living with my parents currently because of the market . literal tear-down type places go for like 800-900 k . not to mention the crazy bidding wars on every single listing . we 're super grateful to have a place to live right now even if it 's back with the folks in my mid - 30 ' s , but it seems like we 're going to be here much longer than we expected . the market just did n't seem to be normalizing ever .
do you sprinkle it with icing sugar ? i feel like i have even them somewhere . probably on tv
the best part is not having to follow anyone 's rules . the worst part is all your friends dying .
this comment or post has been removed as it contains or solicits graceless generalizations . * * * - people are not a hive mind . - speak only for yourself . * * do not : * * - generalize across all people of a gender , race , or ethnicity . - ask for mind reading . - ask for us to defend / explain / justify other people 's behaviors . - " what do you think of men who ... " - assume that all people in a gender , race , or ethnicity do / think something . - ask for " male equivalent " / " female equivalent " as these would not exist for most things due to different cultural processes . exceptions : discussion of cultural norms ; quotations * * * speak for yourself and your own personal experiences . do n't generalize your personal opinions , experiences , prejudices , stereotypes , or preferences to others . if you have any questions about this moderation action , please message the moderators through the link on the sidebar or [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , please include a link to the removed content for review .
yes write your boundaries down . notice when you do n't like something perhaps it seems intrusive , disrespectful , rude to you , something that kind of alters your feeling and your like this is a no . it 's good to notice it and write it down . when you write your boundaries down and it is clear to you then it is good to clearly communicate it .
get married , have a couple kids , graduate college , buy a house . i got married at 22 , bought a house at 27 , had both my kids by 29 , but then it all fell apart . i got divorced and my ex kept the house so i had to move back in with my parents . i still have my kids and i 'm graduating with a bachelors in nursing next year , so i 'm on the right track . my point is that you never know what life will throw at you , so be flexible and do n't beat yourself up .
every morning ? damn i wanna be like you .
outta bed , get dressed / brush teeth & out the door for a 5km walk within 10 mins of waking up .
dismiss my alarm and go back to sleep .
a peanut butter sandwich with milk as a late night snack
pee
take my early am ibs-c and poop . it 's very inconvenient that my body thinks wake up time is :pile_of_poo: time
being too afraid of change or anything that is not the norm i . e . when i wanted to be self employed . thankfully i ignored the gloom and doom and went after what i wanted at 19 . i 'm 44 now and still a business owner and so glad i did it my way instead of following their example .
fair food .. any food you eat at a fair does not taste the same anywhere / anytime else ..
coffee . can not even begin thinking about being a human until i have that first sip of coffee .
food offerings :face_with_tears_of_joy:
the best thing we ever decided was to only get gifts for children spending xmas day with us .
there are no benefits . it actually damages your ph balance . do n't do this .
i figured they were english , i was just giving a heads up if the seem like they are visiting . my foreign friends do this often and it startles the crap out of me , lol .
and sounding like you 're offended " reevaluate " not much fault you 're a snowflake 🤷‍♀ clearly can't handle an argument if you 're so soft about insults
mine did n't have an excuse because apparently sexting and video chatting women from dating sites and hookup sites , sharing nudes is n't actually cheating since there is no physical contact :face_with_rolling_eyes: oh umm , ok so i can do it too since it 's not really cheating ? ! 💁🏼‍♀ no ! apparently that 's not ok 🤷‍♀
i said emotions , i never specifically said you were mad , might have just exposed yourself though by once again coming to your own unfounded conclusions . if you think it 's appropriate to explicitly insult people on a whim ( in a way that has no merit or comedy involved ) because that 's " just how you speak " then you need to reevaluate how you interact with other people socially because that 's not how adults appropriately conduct themselves around one another .
mine seems minor to other commenters experiences . mine is moving to the other side of the world at 17 with my parents and sister . one of the hardest things i 've experienced . did n't think it would be as hard as it was before we moved . it really changed my character . i am not nearly as confident as i was when i 'm in my birth country . when my then husband went with me to see where i grew up and meet family etc he was surprised at my confidence . when i 'm here , it 's as if i do n't feel comfortable to be confident .
i mostly watch baking shows , but my favourite cooking show is definitely the og japanese iron chef
this post has been removed . meta posts are not permitted without prior moderator approval . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post .
idk if this was really revenge , but it was definitely ridiculous . my ex went into the military and ghosted me . a while later they were visiting and i saw them come into my work . i treated them like a customer and nothing more , aaaand i may have impulsively pretended not to know who they were .. they got really offended and said " dang this is why i ghosted you , i meant nothing to you , you do n't even remember me . " i was like " i have literally no clue who you are or what you 're talking about , sorry " , and it made them even more mad and they stormed off calling me a bunch of names and flipping me off .. i kept my composure until they left and then immediately started crying afterwards lol my boss even got upset at me because i was n't working for 5 seconds lololol fuck
i used to have really really long hair and i cut it to my sholders i regret that decision so much yes short hair is easier to take care of and stuff but i looked so good whit long hair and i used to get so many compliments
hello , / u / bonnie 272 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this subreddit has themed days : [ matefree monday ] ( HTTPURL ) and [ thersday ] ( HTTPURL ) . please review the rules for themed days . for more information on today 's specific theme or the available megathreads , please see the stickied post on the / r / askwomen front page for more details . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
your submission has been removed because this question contains a post title or topic that is already active or commonly discussed . we are not accepting any new submissions regarding this post / topic this time so please search the subreddit using keywords before reposting . you can view our faq [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) or search the subreddit . you can always go to r / findareddit to find the right place for your post . if you think you received this message in error , copy & paste a link your post & [ click here to contact modmail . ] ( HTTPURL ) . please include the reason you are contesting this post and a link to your message . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
deep throating their dick until i can lick their balls at the same time . that 's super crude to say , but it has blown some minds lol .
thank you , that 's really helpful :red_heart:
hello bees-and-stuff . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , copy & paste a link your post & [ click here to contact modmail . ] ( HTTPURL ) . please include the reason you are contesting this post and a link to your message . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
thanks !
not another cooking show on youtube
long . cuz its easier
love that channel !
ohhh :loudly_crying_face:
woah we have the same special move
dowry .
easter and st patrick 's day . unless you 're religious , they make absolutely no sense .
i shut myself off from everyone . got rid of every form of social media i had ( besides reddit ) . never show anyone else my emotions again . and i no longer speak unless absolutely necessary . is it easy ? no ... but it gets easier with time . maybe that 'll change when i meet the one for me . but in all honesty , the hope there is for that dwindles day by day . i did n't become like this just because she rejected me though ... she 's friends with all the people i was friends with , she was friends with my family and i as well . after i admitted my feelings for her , she basically said she 'd never feel that way about me , then after that happened she told everyone about it , my friends and family began making fun of me , everytime i entered a room she also happened to be in , and vice versa , people began whispering to each other and giggling under their breath . i could feel people 's eyes on me constantly and they were never shy about telling others or me how stupid they thought i was for thinking i had a chance . my family still mentions it from time to time . the worst part about it is i used to be a very caring and funny guy , but this has all turned me bitter . i used to be social , now i spend most of my days in complete solitude . nothing i used to enjoy does anything for me now , i can't spend time with those i once considered friends , i do n't enjoy movies tv or video games anymore , i do n't find any joy in my hobbies anymore , food has all become bland to me , and no matter how much i try , i have n't felt even the slightest hint of happiness in over four years . and in all honesty , most days i sit in complete solitude and contemplate as to whether or not i should keep going . i want to find a reason to stay , but everyday that goes by , it begins to look more and more like a pipe dream .
how is the stuff not " random " literally came out of nowhere dumbass
your submission has been removed because this question contains a post title or topic that is already active or commonly discussed . we are not accepting any new submissions regarding this post / topic this time so please search the subreddit using keywords before reposting . you can view our faq [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) or search the subreddit . you can always go to r / findareddit to find the right place for your post . if you think you received this message in error , copy & paste a link your post & [ click here to contact modmail . ] ( HTTPURL ) . please include the reason you are contesting this post and a link to your message . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
if it 's an important factor then it needs to be discussed . the stuff that i brought up is n't random and is important to the discussion . delusional people just do n't like hearing the truth because it makes them confront the lies they 've been telling themselves in order to justify poor decision making . i suggest researching " cognitive dissonance "
r / brandnewsentence
please do n't go facebook live if you have n't 1 ) been asked to do so by the bride and groom and 2 ) you 're someone 's + 1
well done . it 's not an easy option at all , but it certainly gives you strength i bet you did n't realise you had till now .
thank you .
that you are n't allowed to have strong opinions / reactions on anything other than typically female issues . you 're always expected to be meek and mild . just go with the flow , do n't rock the boat when i just want to be bold and wild and sink the boat if it needs it . men and women find that off-putting about me apparently .
never tried it on the tip but i definitely do them when he 's inside me and he likes it . made an ex cum instantly one from one kegel lol
perhaps my phrasing has made it sound easy , it 's absolutely not , but you can't force someone to love you . when i say grieve , it 's a whole process , not a five minute thing and then it 's over . but i absolutely would n't be doing it around them . i absolutely can be quite cut and dry , my last long term relationship before my husband , i was in love , as soon as i found out he cheated i kicked him out of my house and never spoke with him again , did n't check his social media , deleted our text history and photos , i did n't question him , i did n't care for reasons or answers , to me none of them would have been good enough and did n't matter . that was n't easy , of course i cried and took it hard , but then i got " selfish " and did what i needed for myself , including therapy , to grow and heal . if my husband left me i would be heartbroken , my healing and grieving would probably be a longer process , but i would n't figh his decision , i respect him , i know him well enough to know it would n't be a decision he took lightly and i would n't want to be in a loveless marriage or for him to feel pressured to stay . we 've got a child on the way , so our child would be the focus . i would want to stay cordial for our son , but any discussion of our relationship would be through solicitors / lawyers . so ... basically what i 'm trying to show is , i 've not chosen the easy option , despite , i think , that being how it 's been taken here . it 's flipping hard . but also i 'm old enough to have been through my fair share of breakups , i 've begged , i 've screamed , i 've cried , i 've been all kinds of mess . i 've got to a point in life where if someone no longer loved me , no matter how much i love them , i would n't want to stick around trying to force anything and honestly answers do n't give me closure , i 'll accept their feelings are their own . and i 'll keep my feelings to myself also , even if it 's so hard it hurts .
hello yycimmigrant . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , copy & paste a link your post & [ click here to contact modmail . ] ( HTTPURL ) . please include the reason you are contesting this post and a link to your message . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
experiences . caring for myself .
when i ask my friend if he wants to play world of warcraft
any excuse for cheating is the dumbest
you were sick with a liver tumor so ...
yes
might have to investigate on my next endeavor
what sort of catholics are they if they 're not using every event as an excuse for booze and a party ! :face_with_tears_of_joy: sorry they 're arseholes , they definitely do n't deserve to be at your wedding !
right ? i would have never thought to do it , but it probably works .
let them know i 'm a doctor
just attending is enough for a no from me
holy shit i just imagined doing this and audibly laughed but it probably works
thanksgiving
ugh , it 's just a small enough holiday that i always forget , and nowadays you 're supposed to make cute shit for your kids and eat green food and spend 12 hours making corned beef and cabbage , and then if you do n't wear green you get pinched . can we just not ?
hello snoeleppard . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , copy & paste a link your post & [ click here to contact modmail . ] ( HTTPURL ) . please include the reason you are contesting this post and a link to your message . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i 'm indigenous from what we call canada . i grew up with a white dad in a male home ( only me , my dad and bro ) so it was n't the best lady atmosphere but my dad did the best he could to raise me and he did good lol . but growing up was hard - i started developing depression and suicidal tendencies when i was 13 , which is n't uncommon in indigenous communities due to intergenerational trauma . i still heavily struggle with it but add a bit of ptsd spice to it . anyways , i always knew i was indigenous but i was n't super connected due to living with a white father and i just did n't have an interest till i was 16 . i was heavily involved in the indigenous community at my schools and community until i graduated high school and then it just stopped . i sort of lost the connection and i 'm slowly growing it back with time ( i 'm 21 now - todays my birthday actually lmao ) . but there are n't really strict traditions in my culture . i am more colonized than my friends so that plays a part since i do n't follow protocols nor am i super educated anymore . a huge part of indigenous culture has become sort of just about healing from our pasts and the spiritual pain we have due to colonialism . the biggest clash for me is just trying to stray away from these colonial aspects of daily life and try and connect with my indigenous side . we do n't have much expectations due to continual trauma in our communities . just graduating from high school and having healthy families are the biggest goals compared to those of other cultures where those are a given .
my cousin 's wedding is a couple of months away and the theme is " out-do the bride "
cussing is n't " lady-like " , sitting with your legs out is n't " lady-like " , wearing pants is n't " lady-like " , drinking is n't " lady-like " , smoking is n't " lady-like " , being anything-but-quiet is n't " lady-like " basically anything under the " lady-like " category :woozy_face:
your damn cell phone does not need to be aimed down the aisle while the bride and groom are doing professionals .. there are photographers and videographers there being paid thousands of dollars to garner beautiful memories dont block them .
mostly pain . i 'm dealing with diabetic amyotrophy , a painful wasting disease of hips and thighs . i get to endure being awake until i can take meds and until they work . yay fun .
the other day i saw somebody comment she does kegels on the tip of her boyfriends cock . and it made me think what other tricks i 'm missing because om not thinking about them .
i hate that some women killed their rapists or guy tried to rape em as a self defense and then ended up in jail . i also hate when guys do n't wear protection for sex and make their partners do an abortion like wtf !
all of them . mostly body hair . generally when it 's seen as impressive that i can hold objects over twenty pounds . i 'm not five fucking years old . men always be thinking my arms are gonna snap or something . infantilism is also fucking annoying .
new year 's . firecrackers everywhere . even if you wanted to go outside , it 's so dangerous , bc everyone is lighting fireworks though no one knows how + so many people are driving drunk . also , the forced fun . you * have * to go out and party and the judgement is real if you do n't . just leave me alone and let me have a quiet night in .
holding in the farts until he is asleep
ripped up his birth certificate
the one where i climb into bed and immediately fall asleep
happy cake day
when dwight and michael try to get toby fired by insisting toby punches michael and starts a fight . the entire sequence of events is hilarious . but i die laughing when dwight says " those are fightin ' words " as toby is standing there in silence lmao and when ryan eggs toby on and michael gets offended . it 's genuinely one of the most funny scenes of the whole show
i would have lots of questions , most importantly , " does this mean you want a divorce ? "
gal
have and bring up children . smile and look pretty . be complacent / push over .
i avoid it . i simply show up to holiday events with cookies and no one says anything . none of the younger generation are expected to gift our family because our family is so big . they stop giving gifts to the kids when they turn 16 . and only s / o 's gift each other and of course their own kids . which is what i do too .
thanksgiving . i do n't celebrate it anyway and there is no thanksgiving candy in stores .
a sick narcissistic viewpoint that they are the one for them and all they need is the opportunity to tell them to sweep them off their feet . after all he 's no good for her , he does n't know her like he does , he does n't even have blown up pictures of her , that he took from her bushes , plastering the walls of his mother 's basement .
prison mike
this is exactly what i mean . it 's not easy at all . it does n't mean there are n't going to be tears and a lot of heartache . sorry you 've had to go through it .
the general stereotype that women are dramatic , emotional or “ on their period ” if they display any negative emotion . also if a woman has a disagreement with someone for a valid reason and decides they do n't want to be around that person , she 's being “ catty ” . so , i guess the societal standard that we need to always be happy , accommodating and eternally forgiving , even to people who do n't deserve it .
if you 're 15 , girl is a pretty safe term i . e . it would be totally normal to say " i like that girl " or " that girl is cute " . it 's not quite ageless , but girl has evolved into a broader term than just " young girl " and is an equivalent to both boys and guys
no it 's not . even when our kid was over 8 , we did n't want anything . as an adult , he went with cousins , mate and i were alone
well really depends bc if someone is leaving me on deliver i 'm gonna check my story to see if their ignoring me or not
yeah , we 're doing exactly that - bank account number for the italians , honeyfund for the americans . ( we 've lived together for years so do n't need more stuff ) . the dutchies are fine with giving gifts , but apparently not with being asked but they can chalk it up to me being a tacky foreigner .
i 've never maintained contact with an ex , like at all .
" i was drunk , i thought he was you "
advocate . if they are not listening request for it to be documented that they are refusing to treat . remind them that if they are unable or unwilling to treat then they need to refer you to someone who will . speak with the patient relations department and ask how you are supposed to recieve adequate treatment when you are being dismissed by your doctor .
catlax is your friend . well , your cat 's friend . although it looks like it would dissolve pretty well in coffee , if you have any enemies , i 'm just saying ... anyway , to cut a veeery long story short , his catness stopped eating and drinking and toileting for a couple of days , so off to the vet we went . nothing obviously wrong , not dehydrated or blocked , had some subcut fluids and home . nothing more for a couple of days , only nibbled at food and sipped water . very sad cat . xrays revealed a large furry poo on board . laxatives followed to no avail . enemas with limited effect . blood tests . more enemas . an overnight stay , because things were serious now . eventually he " defecated copiously " in the vet 's words . so next time you think you have a shit job , just remember there is someone who has to administer enemas to animals . thank you veterinary workers ! ! :red_heart: :orange_heart: :yellow_heart: :green_heart: :blue_heart: :purple_heart: this started to happen again about 6 months later . vet could find nothing wrong . cat got sadder and sadder . vet became concerned . eventually we got to " bring him back tomorrow and we 'll start the process again " . he hopped out of his carry cage like nothing was wrong , scoffed his dinner and took a giant shit . i mean i 'm grateful to have saved another giant bill , but wtf . cats : you are not pacman . stop eating everything you see .
oh , do i have one for this . my grandmother ( technically my step grandmother ) had all the complaints . she can't reserve a hotel room on the phone because " all those hotel people are scammers ! " so she has to drive down to reserve the room . they can't reserve a room for the wedding because the dog does n't like hotel rooms . they can't reserve a room because they wo n't pay extra money for the dog . they do n't want to drive down so they ask me the bride to drive them down . they complain about the venue and can we please pick this other venue they like more . the weather is n't nice enough . " next time we get married , choose better weather . " the photographer was trying to get the grandparents in a photo with us . my grandmother threatened to sue him for taking pictures with her in them . they complained about the food and seating . and after all of that , they left about 20 minutes after the ceremony and did n't stay for shit because their fucking dog was in the car .
i learned this one from a friend of mine " do n't get so drunk you forget to unzip your fly and then pee down the front of your rented tuxedo causing them to charge you additional charges for special dry cleaning " actually i think that one can be edited to " do n't get drunk and ___ "
definitely non-important things , overthinking everything i said / did that day , anxiety because i have n't responded to texts , overthinking about what to say to those texts causing more anxiety ... i have n't been able to fallen asleep without some sort of show or movie on to distract me for over 3 years
got in bed in the dark to realise cat had done a very runny poo on the duvet . laying in bed and hear a stream of liquid to realise cats peeing in corner of room on a plastic lid
got him and the girl he was cheating with arrested for drug use . ha ha they had to go to drug court and go through a bunch of hassle . they broke up over it :)
anxiety . adhd .
hahaha it 's pretty fine nowadays but some older people wo n't like it
that a woman needs to continuously swallow a man 's sperm when she 's pregnant or else the baby will stop developing .
i 'm an indian kid ... & most indian kids ' worth in their parents eyes is determined by how much marks they get in school . so basically good marks = good person & bad marks = bad person . this goes on ' til the end of college . mental illness ( like autism etc ) r seen as shameful ... other mental problems ( like depression , self harm eating disorders etc ) are n't seen as real . if an adult is doing it they 're seen as mentally ill ( & so shamed ) & if a kid is doing it they 're shouted at , beaten or both until they stop . dating is forbidden ( for both kids & adults ) & arranged ( sometimes forced ) marriage is the norm . divorce is very socially stigmatized child abuse is more common than it should b ... & india only has laws banning child sexual abuse . a 3 - 4 yrs ago i heard voices of a child crying loudly while his a woman ( presumably his mom ) was shouting & beating at him from the floor above on a daily basis . now i also get beaten & shouted at by my mom but the def is n't on a daily basis & not until i 'm crying that loudly . my mom hypothesized that the kid had smthn wrong w / him in the head . he & his family moved away last 2 yrs ago
they claim they were drunk . or that they did not have any control over themselves , each time it happened . it was a mistake , to kiss , to go home with them , to get into bed with them , to have sex with them over and over again .
totally agree ! it 's my dream to see it in person one day :pleading_face:
oh yes me too ! ! !
weed , tattoos and travelling
i am sad about this question . i 'm from germany and i do n't have the feeling i 'm not taken seriously because of being a women in any field of my life . sometimes people underestimate me or do n't take me seriously because i weight too much . but there 's always a chance to prove them wrong . i would try to be as educated as possible yourself so you can bring facts on the table that those men would not think you have . and when possible go to a female doctor .
talent . i 'm especially impressed by really good dancers .
hello anonkags . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , copy & paste a link your post & [ click here to contact modmail . ] ( HTTPURL ) . please include the reason you are contesting this post and a link to your message . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
thank you for your comment love , i appreciate it very much . may i ask what ethnicity you are / what is your cultural background ?
not safe how ?
i found my people
cooked jicama tacos . i can't even explain how good these are . jicama taco shells ( basically just a round slice of jicama like a corn tortilla ) , and fry in avocado oil with a little taco seasoning . i 'm obsessed .
is " pad " just a euphemism for " tampon " ? ( this was from a biology student at a prestigious university . )
i know it makes me smile every time . i think that he 's so adorable and so cute . i remember his goofy smile and the way he looks at me . i 've been in love forever more than 2 years . honestly thought i would lose interest because i 'm not a big feeler but i love him more as time passes . he 's the best thing that 's happened to me . he 's my first boyfriend ( at 28 told you i did n't really feel much ) and i 'm excited to spend the rest of my life with him through really rough patches and super wonderful times . :smiling_face:
hello , / u / toastedcroutons , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as it contains or solicits graceless generalizations . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
i 've only had sex with one man ( married 6 years ) . but in all that time , it 's probably good 2/5 times ? not that he does n't try , but a lot of the time we kind of rush because either the kids are up or we are exhausted . and i take a long time to o 🤷🏼‍♀
quit the job and reported my ex manager to hr .
especially if it 's one of those places that allow pets inside .
supposedly he bought me a shirt , which * still * has n't came in ... he said he would write me something for valentines day but now we 're in a fight and might be breaking up so i doubt that 's coming either . i told him i did n't feel loved and he got super defensive and we got into a giant fight a couple of days ago . go figure . essentially we have mismatched love languages . i have no problem giving him what he needs but he puts zero efforts into my love languages ( words of affirmation and touch ) .
tahini . way better than peanut or almond butter !
just one piece but it was actually on my mind today . my ex would jack off on his side of the bed then just turn on his side and ejaculate on the walls / dresser / carpet . i did n't go to that side much but started noticing the splatters on the wall . when i went to inspect , i stepped all in crunchy carpet and saw the stains on the dresser . he freely admitted it when i asked if that was happening . fucking gross !
so i have been keto for 15 years as to keep my diabetic husband off carbs . finally i decided to just count calories and one of the most luxurious foods for me now is peanut butter and jelly toast . its just so good ! i will skip things during the day just so i have enough calories saved to enjoy this at night before bed .
i love those too ! ! they have such a nice texture lol .
just one piece but it was actually on my mind today . my ex would jack off on his side of the bed then just turn on his side and ejaculate on the walls / dresser / carpet . i did n't go to that side much but started noticing the splatters on the wall . when i went to inspect , i stepped all in crunchy carpet and saw the stains on the dresser . he freely admitted it when i asked if that was happening . fucking gross !
cheap champagne
did you read “ adult children of emotionally immature parents ” ? i think i came across a similar quotation in there . it 's a wonderful book if you have n't read it yet .
me : you said something hurtful . him : but you did n't tell me the second it happened . me : that does n't matter . him : well you did this other thing i think is shitty . me : apologize / explain depending on what it was , then go back to the original problem . him : you should have told me in the moment . me : i 've told you repeatedly my brain does n't process things that quickly . him : i think people should be able to be honest to each other , how else do you grow as a person . like it 's pretty comical looking back .
mansplaining
i feel this so hard ! ! expect my bf takes days and me nagging to live up to his word . i know i 'm not married , but it feels like it . i let him move in with me since he needed a place to stay ( complicated ) but this is one of my biggest irritations . i give you a whole day to do something that i said i will do if you do n't do it by tomorrow . then he still does n't do it . then gets butt hurt he feels like a useless man ...
he does n't listen or think before talking nonsense
it makes the biggest difference in my opinion ! all i ever had growing up was soggy microwave frozen veggies and salads that consisted of iceberg lettuce and cucumbers . i was so amazed when i found out how good vegetables could be !
i really do n't . it lives with me like the scars on my body . it 's a high form of disrespect , it hurts , it makes me feel small and insignificant
careful who you share information with
i never count calories . i just eat what i want and weight myself periodically . if i see i 'm gaining weight i 'll just keep it in my mind , but i 'm not counting calories or anything , or dieting . i can tell you what i ate today ? * a subway sandwich , a cookie , soda . * one package of strawberries . * one potato and one chicken breast . * 1 cups of blueberries and some cashews . * another cookie . & #x200b ; i have a sweet tooth . so this is a pretty typical day for me , usually with cheaper fruit though .
you do you boo-boo
my husband and i only have joint accounts . i can 100 % grab lunch , buy new clothes , buy random stuff without asking him . anything crazy expensive i talk with him about . but that goes both ways . neither of us is combing the bank statements asking the other to explain every little purchase .
last two guys i fucked were one min men . i 'm horny but i do n't wanna have random fucks . i do n't online date . i also want a guy that treats me like a women . it 's hard to find guys that are confident and traditional . rather be alone than be disappointed
lemon hummus . so good ! !
hello edgardacookie . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow gift threads outside of stickied holiday posts . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for asking for gift advice " & message =) . thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i feel like you would love a dq oreo blizzard or a braums oreo frozen yogurt mix
was sexually assaulted by a housemate . he got me and the other housemate drunk , purposefully was pretending to drink more than he was , waited until the other guy was puking in the toilet and assaulted me . also i lived with an abusive bf for a while and that sucked .
not well . either like crap or people are very condescending . it is harder , and people make sure you remember you 're overweight every day . and they are n't kind about it . i have a baby face too , which can make people be somewhat condescending to me as they think i 'm a " little girl " even though i 'm 29 xd
for me it was choose the right degree , work hard in college ( get internships , get involved , network ) , and use those connections and hard work to get a good job right out of college . the degree makes a difference . i did finance and now work in private equity . you have to try to find a degree you like that has a higher earning potential
still waiting for that person .
i definitely do n't disagree with you but in this case the trip was supposed to be my christmas present so i really thought that meant he was going to plan it
pregnancy is literally the fucking worst . i had hg and round ligament pain . nobody tells you that the round ligament contracts when you vomit . but it does !
they probably have a good reason . and i think i might want to elope anyway .
i do n't think this would bother me per se . i do n't see it as cheating , but if i 'm not getting enough sex and this is going on then i 'm going to be very upset .
key word ... behind partners back . i commented it would n't bother me unless person was local and hidden .
aw man i honestly am a danger in the kitchen . after working full time , my husband took over the cooking duties and everytime i try to cook it 's quite disappointing haha , much less bake lol . i 'd rather not , but i guess i should give it a try again , might just surprise myself .
pickled okra ! so good ! now i grow and pickle my own .
i find it normal . maybe i have been surrounded with people who like talking about these subjects / understand it . some things that spark joy for me are : - finishing a good book and going on the internet to discuss it with others who enoyed it - calling my mom and talking about anything - trying out new make-up techniques - printing small pictures off my phone and adding them to a scrapbook - looking through my scrapbook :) - spending time with the love of my life doing anything if it 's not easy to find stuff that sparks this , think about stuff that make you feel great / beautiful / amazing , or stuff that you would dread losing
pineapple salsa . trader joe 's has this amazing pineapple salsa , and it 's less than like one hundred calories for the whole jar . i can eat the whole jar in like two days . if we get the salsa , i 'll only eat that until it 's empty ; i 'll live off chips and salsa until all the salsa is gone .
chicken and waffles . i never realized how much i 'd love it .
pomelo , it 's like a better version of grapefruit
expect that he would have told me why and i would respect that .
being able to donate gifts to children for christmas , when i was a kid , if it were n't for donations , my siblings and i would not have had any gifts on christmas .
yesss chinese steamed buns are so good .
him saying green light the moment the light changes while i 'm driving . sometimes funny sometimes infuriating
yes ! ! ! it was a whole journey for me . more than a decade ago i was obsessed with " planet unicorn " and the opening of one [ episode ] ( HTTPURL ) had the unicorns all drinking boba . at the time i had no idea what boba was so i googled it and that 's when i knew i had to try it ! i 've been obsessed ever since !
not my case but sure lol
your submission has been removed because this question contains a post title or topic that is already active or commonly discussed . we are not accepting any new submissions regarding this post / topic this time so please search the subreddit using keywords before reposting . you can view our faq [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) or search the subreddit . you can always go to r / findareddit to find the right place for your post . if you think you received this message in error , link your post & please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was auto-removed for asking for asking about a commonly asked subject . " & message =) . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
would n't bother me as my sex drive is way less then his . my concern would come if the women / partners were local and if be was hiding it . if it 's something that is bothering you , you should talk about it .
travel , listen to wtf with marc maron ( the early episodes like the louis ck one ) i also listen to the you made it weird podcast i did n't do this but .. do ayahuasca or psychedelics or dmt , read richard rohr and terrence mckenna and joseph campbell
i was tormented all through school for having wide hips , small waist , and a round butt . i had about 15 inches difference between my hips and waist . i would literally cry everyday when i got home from school . the kids called me wide load ( i weighed 117 ) and put notes on my back that said “ fat butt . ” i became a binge eater / exerciser then became full blown bulimic by my senior year in high school . that lasted about 12 years . ironically , my body type is on trend now and people are surgically altering themselves to have this shape . it 's bizarre in my mind . i 've had 3 kids ( im rather fit ) but i feel so weird when people stop me at the store and ask how i got my ass . it somehow triggers me when people talk about my body . i can't explain it .
almond butter , like the only ingredients is almonds and salt . i can not control myself so i do n't buy it .
birria tacos
i 've heard letting your kid play football is the equivalent of sending them into a car accident .
thai tea
how young i look . “ you look so young and i love that about you , you at least look 5 years younger than you are . ” i was 17 .
finances
i drive a subaru outback , so i absolutely understand the connection between your shoes and sexual identity . i was informed by an employee at a local dealership that , " only lesbians drive outbacks . " my husband questioned the employee 's theory .
literally all the time
he usually has it locked i think . i do n't really care . i respect his privacy . i 'm kinda glad he keeps it locked cuz there are things on his phone i do n't want others to see lol . he 's tried many times teaching me the lock code ( it 's the connect the dots version ... galaxy i think ? ) but i 'm unable to remember it .
hearing the environment , and understanding it . like a hidden language , sometimes the sounds , smells , sights and feelings of the environment around you - - it all just makes sense . kind of like a melody you could never really replicate . it 's entrancing .
kimchi . got me thru my pregnancy , it 's all i wanted !
that 's interesting . what do you feel that sparks your soul ? but cool to see that you find it normal . sometimes i feel like it is a kind of " forbidden " subject ...
can you learn to make them ?
you realize we all have our own talents . we are meant to complement each other . if you 're a planner , you do not need another planner in the mix . it sounds like that comes easy for you . find out what comes easy for him and enjoy that part of him . next time you get away , do the planning . that 's what builds partnerships . do n't listen to all these voices always so quick to say dump him / her . it 's so easy to type that but no one knows your partner better than you . if this is the biggest thing bothering you , you 've got it easy ! you are sweating the little things . now , if this is irking you because it is one among many other improprieties , that is a different story . but do n't let redditors nudge you along to destroy your relationship with their quick quips .
i love love love soup dumplings
lack of quality time .
mangos . i 'd never had a mango till i went to costa rica and now i eat them all the time !
amazing
and the honey mustard ones ! :drooling_face:
when i thought to myself that after spending days with each other it still did n't feel like enough .
wow what a piece of shit . i 'm so glad you got out of there !
my husband frowns and closes the bags . then if he does n't notice " in time " he makes sure i watch him eat the " stale " food .
keep it movin !
my mom and i are dealing with the latter now . on top of grief she has to learn to live on her own for the first time and manage all the bills . it 's appalling how little my dad shared with her .
yes ! and the forgetting . it 's awful like i heard what you said but i just can't remember what it was ! my parents eventually learned to write things down for me if they wanted me to do something or my mom would text me even if she was in another room and could easily shout for me .
so i guess he thought that human women have cloacas ?
why i fully stopped at a stop sign because apparently “ you do n't need to and it 'll just annoy everyone else at the sign ” like no dude you legally have to stop
take a step back and figure out the issue . lol and cry .
omg , yes ! this is a staple when we order from our favourite korean restaurant . these are to die for .
" i love that you 're asian " geee thanks ...
was usually due to him getting upset about trivial things and having a temper
procrastination lol
it 's normal to be locked . i have kids , and if i lose it no one can get in . does n't bother me . my so and i have our fingerprint on each other phones but i do n't snoop . if i feel insecure i just stop and talk to him , i respect him much more than to regress into toxic crap . i do n't know if he looks at mine , i do n't care . i have nothing to hide , secrets are exhausting to me .
where i leave my coffee cups ... which is pretty much anywhere i finnish it or when its cold :grinning_squinting_face: :grinning_squinting_face:
take my upvote ! this is the # 1 thing that can start an argument in our house , especially if one of us is already hangry or low on patience .
my husband and i both have locked phones and do n't know each other 's passwords . i think it 's healthy to have privacy and some things to yourself . my email , notes , journal , etc are n't his business - and his are n't mine . if you do n't trust your partner enough to have a password that you do n't know , that 's a red flag , in my opinion .
romanian sausage . i can only get it once a year at this culture festival where people bring their cultural foods like vareniki , hummus , shawarma , potato pancakes , strudel , etc . it was like $ 1.50 for a small sausage on bread and i do n't know why i bought it because i do n't even like sausages that much . it was honestly one of the best things i 've ever tasted . now i have cravings for romanian sausage that only come once a year :(
i honestly find meal planning stressful so usually just make whatever i can with what 's in the fridge . but i always have potatoes . i par boil the potatoes , lather them in butter , garlic and salt , and then roast em up for a bit . its perfect with almost any other main , and super easy ! my household ( 3 adults + me ) also loves simple cashew chilli stir-fry . you can use whatever meat you want , or none at all ( tofu is great ) , and the type of veges do n't matter . for the flavour i use a little soy , a dollop of honey , fresh or dried chilli and chopped cashews . i serve it with rice . i add coconut powder to the ricecooker if i 'm feeling fancy .
i do n't even know if he locks his phone or not .
i 'm only 21 so high waisted jeans have been “ in ” since like 5-6 years ago when i started caring about my appearance . i have really high hips and high waisted jeans are just so uncomfortable , they either sit at the top of my hips and cut into them or i have to pull them up and get a front wedgie from hell . i hate them so much . i have one pair of jeans bc of this bc i can not find mid rise jeans that fit me with my long hips and small but tall frame .
100 % me .
thank you for answering !
hoe-ing and bro-ing . i 'm fucking confused
low rise pants are definitely for people who do n't have tummy 's . like that 's just what it is . i like the style of the 2000 ' s with like low waisted pants , or sweatpants and skirts with the thong showing i wish it would make a comeback but with every fashion trend it 's really for certain body types . everyone 's different . high waisted is just a preference . people say high waisted things are a way of catfishing and honestly i think people are dumb ass fuck . if you can't handle what comes underneath these jeans you definitely do n't deserve this pussy :person_tipping_hand: wear what you want . i personally prefer high waisted but i love low waisted things as well . no one should be judged for their preference or style . either way someone 's gonna judge you for it . also , high waisted stuff is great for multiple outfits especially in winter when you want to layer and tuck things in like sweaters or cardigans . low waisted is kinda meant for like summer ish ( i think so especially if you have a tummy piercing )
got ours for $ 640 in 2019 . the estimate on redfin says it 's worth $ 950 , without appraisal or any of our updates . we are currently converting the garage into my husband 's studio ( he 's a videographer ) . curious eventually what it 'll be .
it was n't . it 's just not a thing ?
not op but no . i know where we stand in our relationship and enjoy being able to talk about a stranger together
honestly 00s media made a * way * bigger deal of “ losing ” virginity . my mom never instilled anything like that sort of concept in my mind , sex was n't taboo , she just wanted me to be happy , healthy , and put more emphasis on consent .
hello , / u / no-perspective 5346 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as it contains or solicits graceless generalizations . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
i gave it a try for 48 hours , but deleted it as it 's so not for me . it felt like shopping . people felt , disposable ? its impersonal . once several guys started talking to me i would get overwhelmed and back off . theres only so much interest that i can show in strangers favourite colour , hobbies or profession . it 's an ego boost getting matches . but after the fact , i had no interest in taking it further with any of them , i kept wondering " how many people swiped left on this person before i swiped right ? am i just the first person to say yes okay i like you ? " that 's probably a toxic attitude to have towards the apps , but personally i would prefer forming a connection to someone in the wild , in person , spontaneously . with the app , the intention to date is already there before you 've spoke to the person , rather than it being built off a genuine connection .
yes , in the beginning
you 're not old at all ! you 're still so young . please do n't think that . there is no timeline on life . age is just a number . best of luck to you
chimichurri burgers from the dominican republic . so i went to dr when it was the 1 year celebration of my abulitos life after he passed . while i was there for 10 days , i had them and oh my god 's ! i can't live without them anymore . i make them quote frequently now and it 's just amazing :drooling_face: :drooling_face:
you do n't , that is a doctor-patience issue .
i wish i knew how that feels , he wants to interact with me each second . and we live together for 17 years :flushed_face: :see-no-evil_monkey:
did he look you in the eyes / use your first name before ?
i agree - - my partner and i have gained weight in tandem with each other , so whenever we become annoyed by our own weight gain whilst noticing the other 's , we phrase it along the lines of " making healthier choices together . " it 's never been a " you need to - - " , it 's always a " we need to - - " .
whatever i want even if my family does n't agree with it .
exactly ! mid-waist works best for me because it 's just under the bellybutton where i have a bit of tummy and high waist pants make that bit look much bigger . i also do n't like sitting down and having the waist of the pants up to my nips .
super normal . companionable silence . new relationships i find are n't stable enough for this kind of easy comfort . i 've been with with husband a decade and we will literally spend the day together with very little conversation . i 'll read , he 'll watch a show , or play a game . we do chores together , play pretend with our son .. but very little of this time is spent in one-on-one constant talking . we can exist with each other , sans the pressure to entertain or be engaging . not to say we never have conversations , we just usually save it for date nights or when we wake up at 3 am for no damn reason and decide to just cuddle up .
my biggest fear is just my pet being scared . they would n't be left alone with someone i do n't 10000 % trust . one of my cats is scared of his own shadow , literally , so he 'd be legit scared of a new person in the house .
my dad would joke about me not being allowed to have a boyfriend until i 'm 39 . other than that it was just make sure you 're on birth control before anything happens .
yeah , i do think that people often downplay the huge legal benefits to marriage . there 's a reason same-sex couples fought ( and continue to fight ) for the right to legal marriage . no one needs to get married if they do n't want to , but objectively , it is n't the same thing as dating for a long time .
all of that and the above , and also they make your legs look longer .
i was raised hyper religious and your sexuality was thought of as a gift of your marriage partner . it was never spoken about outside of those terms . all the while i was being molested by a close male family member since i was a toddler .
i do n't wear them . i 'm insecure about my body .
where i carry my weight , my stomach hangs over low rise . even when i 'm quite thin . it feels uncomfortable to me and i 'm 34 , so i was rocking the low rise for a long time . i loved how i looked back then but i did n't feel physically comfortable . for me , high rise solves that . my stomach feels secure and i do n't have my “ under stomach ” area being either pinched , or the pants slipping down . i can wear looser pants at high waist because they can't fall off of me , since my waist is smaller than my hips .
my mother was chill about it , granted she was so high off her ass i do n't think she would 've cared if i was robbing banks lol
preach !
you absolutely should feel safe with your partner , regardless of being a man or woman .
exactly , even if it 's not what op wants for herself , it tells me the doctor does n't listen to their patients and their needs .
that having a flat stomach without any sight of stretch marks nor scars and being skinny is the definition of being beautiful , of having the “ perfect ” body . i know that beauty standards change over time , but my mom is obsessed with the idea that if she gets plastic surgery , she would be finally “ beautiful ” and comfortable in her own body ... but i know that 's not the issue . also , it saddens me that my sister struggles with her weight too , because of all the things that people have said to her since she was in her pre-teens .
i suppose it was n't treated as anything . my mum told my sister and i ( i think when we were like 13/14 ) that at some point in the future that we would probably want to start having sex , and when that happened she wanted us to know that we could come to her about anything . she said she would help us with doctors appointments to discuss birth control , and she would go with us if we wanted ( i did take her up on that offer and she was great , asked questions my 16y / o brain had n't thought of ) . she never had rules about no boys in the rooms , as long as we were n't sneaking them in she was ok with doors closed . my dad was n't around then , but i did live with him for a time with my boyfriend when i was in my early 20s and it never came up .
i am personally very well aware of my weight gain but am at the same time , very ok with it being talked about . my partner has never once made a comment about my weight but supports me as much as he can whenever i bring it up by offering to do more activities , cook more together or change our lifestyles together . if it were reversed , i would hopefully approach it the same way as he 's done such a great job at making me feel supported and loved even though i 've gone a little hard on the bbq . i feel both of us would only bring it up out of absolute love and concern sort of " hey , let 's talk about getting back on our meal plans or maybe we can do more walks together , i am worried about our health "
my friend told me when her relationship went south , there were signs for * years * that i did n't point out because i knew they would n't be heard .
i 've got 3 and do n't regret any of it - but a part of me thinks i was built to be childless . i see women who it comes so naturally to . not me . its a lot of work . but then again i 'm not raising spoilt brats . if i was it would be hella easier . when we went into lockdown and i became a work from home mum / home schooling mum i almost hit breaking point . hats off to all the sah parents out there . i could n't do it .
like most young american boys , by the time i was 8 or 9 , certainly by the time i was 10 or 11 , i " knew " that all girls " must shave to be considered attractive and acceptable " . all that changed the summer i was 13 and was getting very physically and sexually attracted to girls . i was at a riverside beach and a young woman probably in her mid 20 ' s came onto the beach in a bathing suit , one piece i think it was and she had incredibly thick black hair under each arm . what went through my brain when i saw this was not disgust or revulsion but total attraction and desire . it impacted me profoundly , powerfully and positively and made me realize just how attractive a mature , adult woman 's body can be in it 's natural state . so yes , in general i * do * respect choice but on a personal preference level ... trash the razors , wax & depilating creams ladies . there are plenty of guys out here who love adult women looking like adult women are naturally meant to look and you 'll also save a ton of money ! ! if someone has a problem with it ... it 's their problem not yours ... and they are not worth your time dealing with i do n't care who they are .
that having a flat stomach without any sight of stretch marks nor scars and being skinny is the definition of being beautiful , of having the “ perfect ” body . i know that beauty standards change over time , but my mom is obsessed with the idea that if she gets plastic surgery , she would be finally “ beautiful ” and comfortable in her own body ... but i know that 's not the issue . it saddens me that my sister also struggles with her weight .
omg ! my old coworker had a friend she lived with . theyd lived together for like 25-30 years , since her son was a baby . they had ferrets together and bought their current house together . had their own rooms . is it a secret lesbian relationship or does she actually have a friendship that good ?
intellect , common interests , mutual understanding , similar personalities , preferably female .
i appreciate both of your honest replies because you said it better than i could . felt like you pulled all my thoughts out and put them down for me . my daughter was unplanned . would n't trade her for a thing . there are times , though , that i wonder what life would be like if i did n't have someone else to worry about 24/7 / 365 / infinity .
i grew up outside the us where school sex education was about safety , health education and respect not abstinence . starts at age 10 and goes through last year of high school . like when we were 10 , it was starting to talk about puberty changes , how our bodies worked , the mechanics of sex , how we might start feeling crushes , etc . then around 12 it was more in depth , talking about contraceptives , unwanted pregnancies etc . one thing my abusive family did right was sex attitude , which is pretty surprising . my parents were both pro choice , i was raised completely secular , and the message was always do it with someone you love and respect , who loves and respects you , and be safe . there was no talk of " too many partners " etc . i lost my virginity at 15 , nearly 16 , to my first boyfriend . i got myself on birth control beforehand because i knew i was childfree , and still used condoms because i was scared to get pregnant . of course i did n't share this with my parents , but i was well equipped to make an educated decision .
that 's not something that was ever talked about in my family lol
it was taboo , and they let their church have that discussion for them . i was to wait until marriage ( that did n't happen of course lol )
my husband and i talk about our weight , our activity goals , and what we think about our bodies . we 've both brought up weight to each other . usually we do when one of us is complaining that pants or a shirt do n't fit . we usually say something like , “ do you wanna be stricter about what we eat ? ” or “ let 's try to work out at night , then , ” and then we do it together . your dynamic may call for a softer hand , but for us being nonchalant and supportive ( meal planning together , finding fun that is n't drinking , moving our bodies daily ) strikes the right tone and no one feels policed .
her boyfriend :/
my head says she 's out of my league
if you lived with your friends and saw them basically 24/7 you may find your opinion will change lol .
as a curvy girl , high waisted pants match my figure . low rise pants look completely insane on my big hips , not to mention having any muffin top at all they just cut right into it . i think low rise pants are unflattering on any body type but especially if you have curves .
my friend is poly and is public about it , she has a young teenage son . does he know his mom has multiple boyfriend and girlfriends ? what does her ex think about it ? how many of them have met her son ? they 've all been together a while so it 's reasonable that they would 've met by now if it were a traditional relationship . do they take turn sleeping at each other 's houses ? so many questions that i 'll never ask or have the answer to .
i prefer the illusion of having longer legs
potatos . so many ways to cook them
lots of research and showing up with my own funding so i could n't be talked in to spending more
i agree , i really love the silhouette of cropped shirt / high waisted pants , i even get away with wearing cropped shirts to work now ( office setting ) because high waisted pants keep everything covered
we did n't really talk about much , like in my family if you knew them you knew . i do n't tell my family about my sex life at all
more apartment housing is being built where i leave around the downtown core . guess what , it 's all branded as “ luxury ” with insane pricing and the tiniest percentages set apart for workforce housing . more housing alone is not the answer .
thank you ! :)
honestly , i would n't unless it seemingly came out of nowhere ( like zero lifestyle changes whatsoever ) and was accompanied by other worrying things like mood swings or pain . they live in their own body , they probably noticed it before anyone else did . if you have the kind of relationship where you can bring that stuff up unfiltered / they do n't have weight-related self esteem issues and will respond well to the concersation , then just ... go for it . delicately of course , bring it up from a " i 'm concerned , is everything okay ? " perspective . if they 're more sensitive then a route you could take is " hey , i want to get into a healthier lifestyle , but i do n't wanna do it alone - you wanna start with me ? " so it 's coming from a place of " i want to make a change for me and it could be good for both of us "
tell them you are worried about their health . you want them to be around in the future bc you love them so much . tell them you worry about the future of yalls sexual relationship . come from a place of love and concern for the future if they continue in this direction , not attacking or making them feel gross in the present .
what if he responds and agrees ? do you get jealous or how do you handle that ?
this is mine too . obviously i 'd never ask it but i 'm still curious . a family friend has 3 kids , the younger 2 are only about 16-18 months apart . as far as i know , they 've never been actually happy . they got pregnant with their first and his parents told them they needed to get married or he 'd be cut off from his trust fund .
this is only applicable for buying a used car , but when i bought mine , i was able to have a caa mechanic come out and do a pre-purchase inspection for only about $ 100 . it really gave me piece of mind , because i 'm not very mechanical and would n't have known what to look for .
yeah i see what you mean , i did mean it if there were signs of concern that werent there before such as a constant upset stomach , as if its likely to be ibs its all down to diet .. i would n't suggest bringing it up if there havent been any signs of health deterioration thats obviously affecting the person
i find high waisted a million times more comfortable but i also gave up jeans and never looked back . i basically only wear cotton and linen drawstring pants ( like paper bag pants , but usually wide leg ) i super recommend this to everyone because it honestly makes every day a million times more bearable
everything .
everyone saying not to bring it up is bad advice . as adults , we need to have difficult conversations . overweight and obese people do often justify or dismiss unhealthy weight gain , saying “ i 'm not that fat . ” i think it 's okay to bring up that you 've noticed weight gain and ask how you can support them in their health journey .
shit , that 's so me . i have bunch of stuff from bunch of made up hobbies lying around , collecting dust haha . i actually kinda feel bad ngl but can't force myself to do anything about that
openly and from the position of worrying about him and caring for him
as a man i 'm not sure why this is a problem lol . i love when my wife is comfortable .
he avoided eye contact and calling me by my first name
hahaha this was me yesterday
it 's only because it was his 2nd attempt to post about all women being naked in their homes . he 's going to be really disappointed when he gets married .
removed for derailing . if you have any questions , please message the moderators through the mod mail link on the sidebar .
terrible . men * are * attracted to me and the very few i consider remotely worthy of me run away from me after they get to know me because i am too strong of a woman and would never put up with their nonsense . also , i 'm madly in love with a fictional woman and they know i 'll always love her more than them . i am bisexual so i wish i could date women , but i know no lesbian or bi woman and where i live ( a muslim country ) it 's very dangerous .
i feel like it supports my back better . mine is n't very strong but i walk my dogs three times a day and i can feel the difference .
because i have a big booty and wide hips and high waisted pants are the only cut that my ass does n't fall out of if i have to lean over . low rise they go to halfway down my ass if i have to lean over .
for me , yoga . i am super not flexible , so seeing people putting their legs behind their head , or nailing hard poses stressed me out to the point that i can't go to a yoga class again .
hello , / u / brawhisperer , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as answers to common or recently asked questions can be found in the faq or through the search bar . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
you might be surprised that a professional bra fitting every 6 months is ideal yo check your size : HTTPURL
i work with my partner we spend alot of time in a space not interacting with one another .
i literally feel like i 'm paying the same as what was normal in island countries like iceland or hawaii .
hello , / u / john 1989morris , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as it contains or solicits graceless generalizations . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
hello , / u / falcon 743 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as answers to common or recently asked questions can be found in the faq or through the search bar . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
i would n't date a single dad because i dont want kids
try this : HTTPURL
love that i have freedom and can't be micromanaged , hate that i get lazy and am not as motivated as being at work
well if you want to do it from your phone . try this : HTTPURL
enjoy : literally everything hate : absolutely nothing i 'm hybrid , i work in the office two days a week . and that 's plenty !
we love to hear it ! ! !
freedom ! ! ! :two_hearts: :two_hearts: :rainbow: :rainbow: :rainbow: :growing_heart: :relieved_face: :relieved_face: :relieved_face:
i would not talk to them about it and no matter how you word it : it will put strain on the relationship . they see their body everyday so its not like their oblivious . the only thing i could recommend doing is you start working out , it will probably encourage them to do the same ( invite them to workout with you sometimes too ) .
put down the measuring tape and try this method , its quick , easy and accurate ! i am all about the in person bra fittings but i approve of this : HTTPURL
the praise for dads who take care of their kids is just insane . there 's a dad on tiktok who does his daughters hair , talks through her emotions so she can figure them out , etc . good active parenting ! everybody assumes he 's a single dad because why would a dad do this if there 's a mom ? nobody assumes single mom when a mom just talks to her kid .
before covid ... i had something w a friend or acquaintance 2x week i 'd say ... now maybe once every other week .. but i 've always lived remote from my closest friends so those friends i see maybe once a year usually less . but we have an ongoing chat in a group text .
food
when i was single , i was open to dating single dads , as long as there was no drama / bad blood with the ex .
removed as meta posts are not permitted without prior moderator approval . posts here have to follow the rules . if you can't do that , you can't post here . if you have any questions , use mod mail .
netflix .
i do n't want kids so i would n't date a father
yuck , do n't wish that curse upon me .
i 'm going to kill your fucking family .
nothing , i was very independent since forever . but moving without a car is tough .
you know what 's fucked is i read this and thought " wow , i 'm glad they got at least $ 20 out of that " because i 've heard some nightmares :/
real independence . i think it 's more common now , but i never got it . i jumped straight from college to marriage . i never had to fend for myself and i think i suffered for it .
ignoring my problems , by taking a break from everything for around a week . there was just so much happening at once i needed a break and i just could n't get one . after a week of ignoring the problems i had they came crashing down on me stronger than before and i 'm still facing with the consequences .
when i was younger i thought it was important to sleep with a bra on or else i would get saggy breasts . i did that for a long time until someone pointed out that it 's not true .
do you not tip if your meal in a resturant is expensive ?
your submission has been removed because this question contains a post title or topic that is already active or commonly discussed . we are not accepting any new submissions regarding this post / topic this time so please search the subreddit using keywords before reposting . you can view our faq [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) or search the subreddit . you can always go to r / findareddit to find the right place for your post . if you think you received this message in error , copy & paste a link your post & [ click here to contact modmail . ] ( HTTPURL ) . please include the reason you are contesting this post and a link to your message . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
" if you were n't wearing that skirt you would n't have gotten raped " i was drugged and raped by one of our co workers in a hotel room while my ex slept beside me the entire time it happened . ( he was black out drunk and did n't know anything was going on ) . we all worked on the same contracting crew and decided to have a night out after we finished at our job site . co worker bought us drinks the entire night and told us not to drive home and offered us the second bed in his hotel room . i was 19 at the time , co worker was nearing 60 .
i was named after some great grandmother i 've never even met before . with her weird ass spelling that guarantees i will never find my name on a keychain or mug . i hate my parents for it because literally no one has ever spelled my name correctly unless i spell it out for them .
my mom just liked the name . there was n't any reason for it
i 'm sorry ! :tired_face: i have no advice . i had just sworn off men , as in i was getting the ick super easily and i was done with the lies and the manipulation and the games and trying to find someone good in this garbage can of a world . we met at my last workplace , i had never seen him before ( at least never noticed him , he very well could 've been a regular but i 'd been in a fog in the months before this happened ) and he tried to strike up a conversation with me . i was ringing him up and noticed he was in a work uniform so i asked how it was going for him , being my usual polite cashier self , ya'know ? he started talking about his job a bit and out of politeness i told him i wish i could get a job like that lol . he said , “ well i can get you the information to put an app in .. ” he hesitated before saying , “ i could probably get there and back before my break was up ... or you could give me your number and i could send it to you .. ? ” i stared at him a second trying to think of how to say no politely lol . but then the little voice in the back of my head goes , “ he does n't seem like a creep . worst that can happen is he 's weird and you block him . ” ( i must 've very visibly made an “ ick ” face when he asked for my number because he apologized for possibly coming off as weird as soon as we started texting me lol . ) he kept it about work for like 10 mins before letting me know very politely that he would like to get to know me better , but he did n't mind keeping it just about work . he was always very honest and up front about his intentions and where he hoped this would go , and he did so without being an ass or a creep and he never took the “ nice guy ” route . over the course of the next month we hung out a few times and texted all the time . i kept thinking , “ he 's ok for now . you can always block him . this is ok . ” and then i met his dad and his dad said something to me like , “ i hope you stick around . when he 's in it , he 's in it , and he 's always been that way . ” the fact that his dad advocated for him like that , and seeing how he is with his family and seeing him and work and his morals in play ... he communicates and checks up on me and how i 'm feeling about wherever situation arises , and he does n't mind me asking super personal , tough , or awkward questions , as in he understands why i would need to ask for confirmation , not just that he tolerates my questions ... sis i stg he 's the hottest dude around . :loudly_crying_face: i really wish i had actual advice ! i 'll be by chilling sometimes and just get hit with it like , he really came out of nowhere and changed everything .
hello cayenne 4 . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , copy & paste a link your post & [ click here to contact modmail . ] ( HTTPURL ) . please include the reason you are contesting this post and a link to your message . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
only sometimes . if you 're getting a massage at a physical therapy office , probably . at a spa , probably not , it 's a luxury service .
oh , pretty much exist .
" i do n't want to be with you because you can not give birth " some people 's obsession with their partners giving them biologically birthed children is n't something i 'd ever thought i 'd . for context : i had to have a medically necessary hysterectomy and can not birth my own children ( something that hurts to this day . ) way to make me feel worse about myself .
very positive . i 'm with someone because i want to be with them , not because i feel scared to leave .
hello kevepi . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , copy & paste a link your post & [ click here to contact modmail . ] ( HTTPURL ) . please include the reason you are contesting this post and a link to your message . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
if your boobs were a little bigger you 'd be perfect .
oh my god
i was born with bright red hair and it made my mom think of ireland . :)
probably the old guy that i was checking out as a cashier at my retail job as a teenager , who looked around to make sure we were alone just to tell me i had a nice ass .
" i wish you would cheat so i could leave and not be the bad guy . " i caught it in a recording , left him , and sent it to all his friends ( and the girls he was cheating on * me * with )
frankly , your opinion on whether tipping as a norm is good is completely irrelevant to whether you should tip . where it is the norm , you tip well or you do n't use the service . refusing to tip will not change a system , you 're just screwing over a worker . if you 're looking for justification to not tip , you 're already in the wrong .
bbq pits ... is the weirdest insult i think i 've ever heard . i feel bad for laughing but jeez , is that even a bad thing ? sometimes when i shower too much i start to smell like fried chicken . my bf thinks it 's funny
why do men constantly their their partners this ... like why 'd he date you then . clearly ur not a 5 and he 's projecting .
my ex-husband and i have tattoos in each others writing that says " i love you more " we got them 6 months before he slammed the door and said he can't do this anymore . i hate my right arm ...
my sisters and i are named after places in ireland .
thank you for posting to / r / askwomen . in order to give all users an equal opportunity to have their questions answered , we restrict submissions to once a day ( 24 hours ) . please wait 24 hours before submitting a new post . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake or you are submitting again after a removal by the moderators , please * * [ click here ! ] ( HTTPURL . ) * * [ askwomen rules ] ( / r / askwomen / w / rules ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( / r / askwomen / w / index ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL ) - - - ^ ^ boop ! ^ ^ bleep ! ^ ^ i ^ ^ am ^ ^ a ^ ^ bot . ^ ^ concerns ? ^ ^ message ^ ^ [ / r / askwomen ] ( HTTPURL ) . ^ ^ previous ^ ^ post ( s ): ^ ^ [ togw 3v ] ( HTTPURL ) ^ ^ | ^ ^ limit : ^ ^ 1 ^ ^ per ^ ^ 1d ^ ^ | ^ ^ next ^ ^ eligibility : ^ ^ 2022-03- 27 ^ ^ 04:30 ^ ^ utc
the silver lining of being cheated on is that it frees that space for someone worth it , i 'm so happy you are in a loving relationship now
jipped .
he takes some of my hair in his hand and starts to twirl it between his fingers while we watch tv together ... melts me every time !
my best friend ( but not with her current partner )
what a sociopath :sad_but_relieved_face:
my father named me , and i 'm named after a b movie starlet . b movies were very popular at the time i was born . television was in its infancy , and televisions were quite expensive , especially for a young couple . my first and middle names were quite popular at the time , so i attended elementary school with four classmates with the same name . also , my sister-in-law 's name is the same as mine , but with slightly different spelling . i swear both our fathers liked blonds , and liked the same starlet ...
when i 'm nice to a guy and they misinterpret it as me flirting . they either become super creepy and make me uncomfortable or they go out of their way to show that they are n't interested in me . even . though . i 'm . just . trying . to . be . a . nice . person .
artemis fowl and mythology books .
my ex from like 15 years ago was talking to his friend and found out his friend slept with some girl in our bed . put him in a bad mood . ex then came in the room where i was sitting on the bed reading and he said , " at least someone has had a hot girl in my bed " . we broke up not long after . he was addicted to porn , meth , and cheated on me with numerous women .
as a 28 year old female , i still think this ! :smiling_face_with_tear:
my partners mother mentioned that she really wanted a breast reduction when she was younger but her husband asked her not to . she literally constantly wears high compression sports bras . it made me super sad to hear that she 's uncomfortable because of her husband 's preference .
heyyy im drunk and sorry if like this isnt the right place to ask this . i do n't have many friends at all :confused_face: and i was wondering if there was any service or thing to just talk to someone . im in canada if it helps . its just id like to talk to a human being ^ _ ^
\ - cosmic crisp apples : they are super hard and crunchy ( and are like $ 3 a lb , far more than other apples ) \ - a heating blanket : i get cold often and turning on my heating blanket 20 minutes before bedtime means i slide into a warm bed and it feels good . \ - thrift store cashmere sweaters . the ugly colored large ones you sometimes find in the men 's section . i rit-dye them greens and blues and wear them around the house like pajamas \ - royal asia frozen wonton soup . they are $ 6 for two bowls in a package at whole foods but they taste so good and are only 80 calories , so i pick one up whenever i can to enjoy a lunch .
my first boyfriend told me as i was trying to break up with him that anyone else would only ever just want to fuck me . that has really become an insecurity because it is true so often ..
we have all these silly little sayings , words and gestures we do to and with each other . like he will call me beautiful and i 'm like na , he looks at me like i just really offended him , pulls a funny face and says i did not just tell him no ? like , how dare i question his eyesight . so many , many little things like this make me so friggin ' happy . another thing is when we say we love each other , we go " awww " and do a happy little butt wiggle like an excited puppy . it 's so cute and it just makes me :pleading_face: :pleading_face: i honestly never knew i could love someone so much .
nope
hello , / u / letsgettropical 33 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as questions are required to be descriptive and open-ended . the title to your post must be a descriptive question . please do not answer your own question in the post title or description . yes / no questions where only one of the responses leads to an open-ended prompt are not open-ended . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
he was not grateful that you were paying his bills because in his head , he was too good looking for you and was doing you a favour by having sex with you . have you seen how beautiful women are with ugly men mainly for money ? he thought he was in the same situation except reverse the sexes .
singing n dancing ... quite the turn on :smiling_face_with_hearts:
yikes dude , do better
the day i got my very first period , my godmother got into a near fatal car accident where her suv was cut in half by a semi running through a red light . she 's alive to this day , but sustained major brain injuries and 20 years later her neurological health is not great . i can't help seeing it as an omen .
my sister or best friend
they also have to go to school for it ! and especially if it 's a chain place , they 're paid like shit for it .
“ i love you ”
i was in high school . it was in the very last class of the day , and i had my period . did n't realize how heavy my flow was , until i went to the bathroom and realized i bled through my pants . luckily i found a jacket to tie around my waist . and ever since then i double up .
" everyone hates you , even your own son does n't like you . you 'd be better off dead and someone else raising him " one of many things my narcissist ex said . i can never let that go .. ever . it runs thru my mind everyday . i have full custody of my child * not his * . i 'm raising him on my own , and always have .. hes about to be 7 . i 'm all he 's got that was 2 years ago ..
stefan . he was kinder and more respectful of elena and loved her early on .
my parents are christian and my fathers friend died in a war , guess my name .
thank you !
happy cake day !
actually they did n't say anything at all . one time i was very vulnerable and revealed how i was molested in my past , i felt like they should know . and their reaction was a straight face and an " oh , okay and the worst part was that they also made me think that it was n't a big deal
it 's always been klaus , love .
i love when my so goes away ! i cook something that he might not like , and order a greasy side dish for take out . i put on the most horrific horror movie known to man and cuddle with our dogs . ( he hates horror ) .
fresh flowers
my sister
i 've left men i loved simply because it was necessary and it hurt . even in other cases , if i do n't have feelings for that person anymore , i 'm definitely still in pain . i hope i wo n't have to go through that process again and that my current boyfriend will turn into my husband
my mom could n't think of a name and a few weeks before i was born they stopped behind a vehicle and she decided that the brand name would do .
hello adventurous-web - 4188 . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , copy & paste a link your post & [ click here to contact modmail . ] ( HTTPURL ) . please include the reason you are contesting this post and a link to your message . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
either of my sisters .. hands down !
“ you 're so loose you can't even make me cum , no other guy will ever want to fuck you . my hand could do a better job than you ”
i included my pay because yes , i should have been paid more but i was n't . people can yell about it all they want but that does n't change that tipping is very real and necessary in the usa because we do n't get paid more .
bonnie !
find a girl friend to hang out with for dinner , talk , laugh , and drink . no one available ; i 'm putting comfy clothes on , turn on some music with a drink , and scroll tik tok .
the amount of emotions i went through while reading this
neither , i got bored after season 2 :smiling_face_with_tear:
i 'm named after a fucking news journalist in the philippines
same ! ! !
“ you were only supposed to be my rebound . ”
giving birth
dreadful .
my high school boyfriend told me that he actually had a crush on another girl in our class at the same time he had a crush on me but he decided to ask me out because she was out of his league . it 's been over ten years but it still stings .
the k factory probably
sad ... so many betrayals by family
when i first started as an lmt , i made $ 20 / hr . the chain i worked for charged $ 70 / hr . this is a line of work where tipping is n't “ expected ” buuuut kind of because it is a beauty / health and wellness profession . do you tip your hair colorist / stylist ? do you tip your nail tech ? do you tip your tattoo artist ? if you answered ‘ no ' to any of those , you should n't be getting those services . if you said ‘ yes ' then why would a massage therapist be any different ?
ok so it was n't from an so but from my bsf , she used to have a crush on me and one day i asked her why she did n't anymore , i was just curious . she struggled to get into words what she meant and she ended up saying “ the more i got to know you , the less attractive you became ” i took it to heart and ik it 's not how she meant it but it hurt so bad to hear . i cried myself to sleep and i think about it all the time , it 's been almost 3 years since she said that 🤷‍♀
“ your depression is making me depressed ” and “ i do n't love you anymore ”
yeah i grew up with the cheap ones and they always make you feel like there is a layer of film over your entire body .
jesus ! i hope he was n't trying to justify anything with his second comment .
feeling safe and supported in life .
i 'm sorry for that , , here my advice : i feel u but u better divorce his not a good person or maybe a abuser ! ! ! at least get the situation in hand do n't let him abuse , , separate the bed , , if just ignore him for while it probably gets better otherwise try to be financial independent than he could do nothing till u can get ur self together without him u must show u do n't need him in any terms
as i get older i realize how tiring it is to be kind to everyone . i 'll be civil , but being kind wo n't get me that much farther in life .
baby one : elaborate and filmed opening of baby related presents . official video recorded , edited , and shared . considered making professional copies and giving them as christmas gifts . baby two : researched on pinterest . cute event of big brother showing off his “ i 'm a big brother ” shirt . baby three : kids facetimed baby four : group text . told them not to text back because i was going back to bed .
scents , courtains , jazz music around the house , well decorated
lmao that plot twist at the end . well , it was still very cool of you to not dismiss her right away .
omg it does seem impossible these days to find guys like tht :/
i have never liked you , i 'm sorry if u ever felt that way . can we be friends just for now ? ? ?
do n't !
my wedding in december
tax season
still waiting for this revelation !
i 'm not a believer , but for those who are , i believe " your faith " is one of the things another person can not take away from you . like , sure , they can point a gun to your head and force you to say you do n't believe in god , but that does n't actually take your faith .
my love and empathy
to pay off my phone and credit card and then finally see a dentist :)
probably once a month . i have type 4c hair so any more than that will strip all the natural oils from hair and it 'll break off
driving
oh i can't stand when people jump at the chance of taking ownership of what is n't theirs , including other people 's possessions or their time . recently my boyfriend invited some of his friends over to his aunt 's house in the mountains for one afternoon and one of those friends had a brother who automatically started saying “ next time we 're around , we should do this and that , you can sleep in that bed and i 'll sleep here ” when he was n't even friends with the group , and also nobody was staying for the night . also he started using the family dishware to take pictures of himself and his fiancée as an impromptu photoshoot for a save the date . very weird guy .
i had a crush on this quiet guy , mostly kept to himself and usually read books during lunch . i was ( and still am ) like that so i approached him and became friends with him . halfway through our junior year , his entire family moved to the east coast . he never told me about it and i did n't hear from him again until recently . turns out his dad was a drug dealer and was about to be busted for selling coke . so they moved and essentially changed their identities . he 's now a weed dealer and has plans to move back home within the next 2 years .
finally seeing my long-distance gf and university
uh , please tell me you do n't mean his actual biological sister :nauseated_face:
horror / murder stories
my middle school to first year of high school crush is married with a newborn , probably married because child out of wedlock . i did n't see anything about college , so dodged a bullet . my high school ex is on kidney dialysis , lives with his mom , and does union work . my biggest high school crush has been sleeping next to me for the almost 7 years , we have had a great relationship and friendship this far . we even have 2 fur babies together .
i returned to my homeland from a long trip to the usa . my friend invited me to have a walk in the center . we were approached and followed by 4 creepy guys . we could barely escape . i experienced a severe panic attack , but my friend behaved like it 's was a common situation and told me that i was too sensitive . i spent two weeks at home because i was afraid to go out . i was feeling so safe in the usa and i was so devastated to return back . i started to read a random book to distract . i did n't know that it was a book about feminism but after reading it was such a relief . i understood that i 'm not alone , i 'm not too sensitive , stalking and harassing girls is not “ flirt ” , even if it 's “ normal ” in my country .
they have the right now
i went through a lot of trauma as a kid , so growing up i 've been pretty quiet , and top of all my classes . i actually bit some kid in third grade because he made some racist joke about me . i assert dominance in any way i can lol
that 's sweet . what industry would you be able to do that in ?
my daughters braces . they 're hella expensive .
watching a ___ become rich , famous and more powerful was n't easy .
straight leg jeans with a little room , big pockets , and a light fleece lining . or , for summer , loose and flowing cotton drawstring pants . they 'd also be roomy and have nice pockets .
crying .
one of the big reasons i married my husband ( aside from love ) was that i do n't want my parents to be able to make any decisions regarding my death if i happen to die before them . my husband will respect everything i want for that situation , but i know my mother would n't . he knows i do n't want a funeral , but she 'd have me one . he knows i do n't want any preaching because i 'm not religious , but i know she 'd have a preacher in it . it does also make taxes easier , as well as things like life insurance .
a car
what tax benefits do you get ? my husband and i did n't get anything special for being married and we just got married last year .
i did n't say do n't pay more than nvidia / amd msrp . i said do n't buy from scalpers .
leaving my parents ' home and renting a little place for myself . loads of material comfort here , but it 's not worth the constant stress . it feels really humiliating to depend on other people financially as an adult ( even though this is pretty much the norm for people my age in a developing country like mine , so i know it 's not a personal failure or anything ) .
7 months after my ex broke up with me , i started dating his best friend . i know a lot of people probably hated that and thought it was wrong , but we 're both happier than ever together . i do n't believe that the whole " bro code " should be allowed to limit how people truly feel .
showering . i find it to be extremely relaxing
i like to window shop or go thrift shopping instead .
your submission has been removed : this is not a sub for personal advice , evaluation , validation ( including " does anybody else ___ ? " questions ) , or recommendations . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
using the bathroom
> she 's responsible for soothing his anger , navigating his temperament , making him comfortable , building his confidence , and putting a smile on his face . i 'm with you except for this part . she most certainly is responsible for those things . and so is he in turn for her . with respect and endearment . the first and last parts yeah , nobody should be held responsible for the feeling . but a partner is the one who works with them the best . when i 'm mad at the world , my lady really should sooth that anger . when she 's in an uncomfortable spot , especially for those new mothers out there , i hope my guys are out there making them comfortable . seriously , they have like 0 defenses right now . be that pamper they need . when she 's down , better pick that confidence up . make her know how beautiful she is . put a smile back on that face .
getting my nails done .
which gpu is 2-3 times the msrp ? specific model , not comparing an oc / non-stock model to the stock msrp before inflation and increased shipping / manufacturing costs . dual-rtx 3060 - o12g - v2 rtx 3060 - $ 635 . [ HTTPURL ] ( HTTPURL ) the msrp for this is $ 470 . evga geforce rtx 3060 xc - $ 620 . [ HTTPURL ] ( HTTPURL ) the msrp is $ 440 . evga rtx 3080 sx3 ultra - $ 1340 . [ HTTPURL ] ( HTTPURL ) the msrp is $ 870 . like i do get it , the prices are higher than msrp , just no need to exaggerate it further .
your submission has been removed because this question contains a post title or topic that is already active or commonly discussed . we are not accepting any new submissions regarding this post / topic this time so please search the subreddit using keywords before reposting . you can view our faq [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) or search the subreddit . you can always go to r / findareddit to find the right place for your post . if you think you received this message in error , link your post & please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was auto-removed for asking for asking about a commonly asked subject . " & message =) . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
you did n't have a job and your own income ? ( i know income becomes conjoined , but this is why it 's important to support yourself ) just missing some information here
> when i was younger i thought it was about a soulmate and true love me about to comment “ soulmate and true love ” right before reading that . _ .
the relationship i had with someone who emotionally abused me
the last couple of years . i 'm not doing great but definitely better than this point last year & this point 2 years ago
what is a good team in the kitchen mean ? both cook ? one cooks and one cleans ?
your submission has been removed : this is not a sub for personal advice , evaluation , validation ( including " does anybody else ___ ? " questions ) , or recommendations . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
arson
" oh , you do n't want partners who live together to be able to get benefits ? you 'd better fight for their right to get married asap ! that way we wo n't have to give them special treatment ! "
i was going through a tough spot back in october when i finally opened up to my older cousin about it . i learned that all the trauma and abuse in my past did n't make me " sensitive " , but more in tune with my emotions and feelings , along with other people 's feelings .
i am a woman who writes about sex for a living so sexual harassment is a daily part of my life . for example , upon seeing that i review sex toys as part of my job , many men i 've never met , spoken to , or expressed any degree of interest in will message me “ need any help testing those ? :smirking_face: ” or whatever . do not sexually harass people . ever . regardless of who they are or who you think they are . it 's really not that difficult .
in a religious view . two half souls coming together to be complete and for the woman to be feminine and the male masculine . traditional gender roles etc and the woman becoming not a virgin anymore , exchange of her " ownership " from father to her husband . in modern times outside of religious countries or communities than it involves some tax benefits and housing options .
travel and even more retirement
to provide a legal structure in which to raise children . beyond that ... ?
i hope you 're able to feel better soon * sending hugs *
existing . silence is calm for me after having a long day of being forced to interact with other people for the sake of a paycheck .
donald trump ? i think it was his fate
a new roof . sigh .
every 2 days , or once a day , really depends
fabric or wood ? if wood can you paint it / have it painted ?
this is great ! i do think my partner is weird , though . i see it more [ this way ] ( HTTPURL ) . although , i 'm constantly saying that we should share our weirdness more . i think it 's kind of like [ this derpy dragon meme ] ( HTTPURL ) , and thankfully [ the comments ] ( HTTPURL ) are all about how you can be weird and goofy with your friends too .
removed for derailing . if you have any questions , please message the moderators through the mod mail link on the sidebar .
definitely
i was on one where i involuntarily started some major drama ... it was 13 years ago and we were just a chat / bump group from the same month we all gave birth . i had read babywise and followed it ( eat play sleep , with sleep training ) and i told them all that - i was eaten alive saying that the system causes failure to thrive , etc . i was super young and naive but i was kicked out of the bump group
procreation
he turned out to be the biggest thief . i find empty boxes of what used to be my hidden snacks around the house . oh , and we have a 2 year old :)
as someone who also broke up with someone that was terrible and is also worried i 'll never be loved again . i promise we are better off alone than with those asshats ! i wish you strength :red_heart:
your submission has been removed : today is [ thersday ] ( HTTPURL ) , where we are only allowing questions centered towards women outside of all relationships with others . if your post meets all other requirements , you are welcome to repost tomorrow ! * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
exactly .
your submission has been removed because your title does not include a question mark . please ensure your title is properly formatted to be a descriptive , open-ended question . if you think you have received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for lacking a question mark " & message =) . thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
same here ! i went to a gym a few times and felt so awkward . i always preferred to workout in private . i got mad at my ex cuz i was working out with the door closed and he came barging in . never did it again after the hell i unleashed .
same x2
a trip to disney and universal
today i went on a hike , tried to follow the trail but it was ... wrong and wacky and ... yikes . so i slipped and then slipped a lot . hurt my leg . was worried i would break something and / or need to be rescued . luckily i rescued myself . oy . my leg hurts . before that i have been a shitty employee on my last couple of jobs - flakey and unfocused . i have made lots of mistakes lately . ugh
retirement
yes . full recovery probably 6-8 weeks . back to work at desk job , about 10 - 14 days .
when my therapist said to me , point blank and with an incredulous tone , " why are you defending him ? ? " i was in the thick of the abuse at that point . breaking free has been one of the hardest and most rewarding things i 've done for myself . seeing so many of my abuser 's relationships break down over the years has been equally as validating .
dude got 86 ' d for life
this . used to work in an open office ( tech ) , which the higher ups ( who had offices ) said was for better collaboration even though we all know it was cost-related . even worse when noise-cancelling headphones cause my anxiety to spike because i have no awareness of what 's happening behind me . joke 's on them , because that much noise definitely affected productivity . so glad i work from home now ! :grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes:
i also heard this on the yard podcast
tattoos . i have a job now so i have more money in my tattoo savings than ever
kind of at the tail end of the this goal but moving across the country . moving west coast to east coast in less than a month . then trying to make sure i have a really healthy three month emergency fund . but also just in general at 30 for the first time in my life i 'm saving 10 % of my net income and trying to keep that up .
my partner and i were ready to buy at the very beginning of the pandemic and he waited for housing prices to go down a little but turns out they went way up and now we are n't in a position to buy something livable .
hello doubleduh 22 . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
your submission has been removed : graceless generalizations are not permitted * people are not a hive mind . * speak only for yourself . * * do not * * * generalize across all people of a gender , race , or ethnicity . * ask for mind reading . * ask for us to defend / explain / justify other people 's behaviors . * assume that all people in a gender , race , or ethnicity do / think something . * ask for " male equivalent " / " female equivalent " as these would not exist for most things due to different cultural processes . * exceptions : discussion of cultural norms ; quotations * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
i 'm in the same spot . $ 36k feels like a huge weight around my neck but i know it could be so much worse . i 'm throwing every penny i can into a savings account for when forbearance ends .
a sofa that we can actually fit through our tiny front door ( been without one since 2020 )
a car for each of the kids . or rather some support in payment for them .
high fives ! me too !
damn everyone is saying stuff like a house , retirment plan , emergency funds , wedding etc .. and here i ( f30 ) am , currently just saving up for a new washing machine lol .
not bad for a cat ( you 're not fooling anyone ) .
the first sip in the morning , does n't matter what kind , just that first sip when you wake up all cold and tired and get something tasty and warm .
i would say my hair is wavy . it holds a curl well but if i air dry the curls are n't very defined . maybe if i went full into the curly method i could get more definition but i am too lazy for that . my hair is on the coarser side though and i have a lot of it .
retirement , and i 'm scarily behind
or you can understand how supply and demand works , and how you can make money by running a miner in the background when you 're not gaming . it 'll cover your power costs and give you a nice profit , and it does n't really hurt the life of your gpu much . by the way , the msrp was never meant to be the " msrp . " for * years * now , nvidia has released an msrp , barely released any cards at that msrp , and then allowed third party vendors to sell it at much higher than msrp . the 2080 ti was $ 999 " msrp " and even though there were n't any shortages for that line of cards , they still had most cards start at $ 1400 because all the vendors pretended to " upgrade " it and just took their cut . it 's just how it works , so you should n't wait and try to get it at msrp , just get it at the best value to you .
what do you do when you do n't feel support from your husband . example ( him sticking up for his mom and sisters , and not sticking up for you ? )
thank you / u / analslapchop , see ya on r / rimjob_steve hahaha <3 3
that 's the purest type of marriage right there :)
my hs sweetheart is married and a nurse practitioner about an hour away . my crush and i ended up in the rooms of aa together .
my freedom !
it is definitely worth it . every single penny .
retirement . i spent 6yrs in grad school making almost zero income , so i feel really behind on retirement savings .
pooping
so many people think pregnancy is the only worthy goal goal a woman to have . i 'm pregnant with my second . i hate pregnancy . literally every single thing about it is a nightmare . i hate how people now seem to think that my life is complete because i 've managed to breed . i hate the words people use about pregnancy . i hate feeling like an incubator . what 's more is after birth i hate people who think i should be so devoted that i have no personality outside of my kids . i do n't miss them when i go out . i 'm not nervous about their dad " babysitting " ( that statement is a whole other kettle of fish ) . my heart does n't break when they cry for 3 minutes before passing out asleep . i 'm not giving up my library for a play room . i 'm not going to stop being me .. i 'm a mom but i was n't made to be only a mom . i have a life and interests and wants that have absolutely zero to do with my children .
physical and emotional abuse , and the ability for the victim to so easily be strung as the bad guy . for police and the court to be so lacking still about protective order volations . and , for the manipulation , violence , and chaos people have to endure .
opeth , within temptation , caligula 's horse , jinjer , riverside , coheed and cambria , the used , thank you scientist ... so many more .
m & ms
tupac
pretty much anything i put in my mouth 🤦🏻‍♀
cheese itz
oh lol i 'm not talking about my co-workers or anyone from work .
so many angry bitches in here
yk those bins with the different popcorns ? that 's my weakness
platanos . the ones with a lil bit of salt
my hair is a deepish red with the odd gray hair . i liked my color better without the grays . but that 's the price you pay as a redhead , is n't it ?
hot cheetos !
never lend them money
people unnecessarily doing things for me instead of letting me do shit myself . even if idk what i 'm doing , i 'm still learning by doing .
could very well be the same guy , he had holes in almost every door too . you gotta be crazy to just start punching holes in doors just because you 're mad , luckily i left asap and never spoke to him again :grinning_face_with_sweat:
having to shave everywhere
surely fashion ads do n't show naked women ? do you all mean the outline under the clothes ?
use modmail to discuss moderation .
not paying enough attention or taking it seriously when they show me who they are .
this sounds terrible but nearly everyone at my work is partnered and i know that not all of the partnerships could be good and a part of me wants to know what happens behind closed doors
people eating too loudly . chewing noises just make me wish i was deaf . if only there was a switch for it .
a $ ap ferg
peanut m & ms . theres never enough .
being the carer not only of the children but of the elderly parents of both sides of the family .
the trust was just not there . it was hard tp trust anyone , and keeping that trust . and trusting they would n't go behind my back . i took a decision to just not date tho after , just hated all men . i never went back to dating trully to be honest . meet current bf by a chance . he was just there on day and we talked and he just amazing . but yeah it 's so much about luck . i know now that it 's about meeting the right one . but yeah was singel for 9years before current bf . and yeah he have n't had it easy with gaining my trust but now it 's just there now .
facts ! ! or when they project their insecurities onto you
i can lower them a little but it makes the lowest shelf that i can reach smaller limiting what i can put there . i lowered a few for mugs and stuff but i still have to carry a step stool around my house all day
so i 'm not allowed to talk about my mental health journey and you 're going to silence a domestic abuse victim because i used the word “ narcissist ” ? are you kidding ? i did not “ armchair diagnose , label or insult ” anybodys mental health . narcissism is a true diagnosis that my ex has . ridiculous .
woman here - i would run and never come back . i * hate * that and anything else with words on it as decoration .
people who only do things expecting something in return .
oh , yeah . i agree ! also , almost no one has carpet and wood floors are just in some houses and typically only bedrooms . but because it 's so dusty we typically have house shoes and most moms get mad if you are barefoot hehe
omfg i hella agree ! ! i learned the hard way when i was maid of honor for my cousin 's wedding . i thought our friend group since high school will be helpful & responsible . turns out some people do not budget / money management skills & respectful of other people 's time . it was so awkward saying " hey i need your share by this time because my credit card is due " after asking more than 2 times . luckily i did save money aside . after traveling for the bachelorette party & wedding , i distanced myself & eventually they told me they will stop inviting me to hang out . now i understand why people prefer not to do bachelorette parties & bridemaids altogether ! !
meji 's baby choco ! those lil tablet chocolate in a tiktak storage like device is evil !
i love red pandas ! does n't mean i should * have * a red panda ...
yessss ! !
ha ! in the apartment complex i live in thes days we use a chip to get into the laundry room - meaning no one can get in besides the person who has a reservation . one time the person before me had put a chair to keep the door open so that they could do another round . i ended the program , put all the soaking wet clothes in one of those baskets that are always there , put in my own clothes and started the machine ... and then closed the door behind me , meaning their soaking wet clothes were locked in there and i was the only one who could get them out . revenge was sweet . think they got a hold of the janitor to get them out . i hope the janitor realised what they 'd done and that they felt somewhat guilty .
yes ! i 'm not much of a snacker but these are the freaking bomb
i know w woman who does that . they are married and he seems blissfully ignorant that her joining in on all his n interests and never letting him have his own time and friendships is a form of control . she appears very nice and easygoing but is very possessive and controlling . the way she does it is unassuming .
and she is generally thr one to also be expected to volunteer at school do pick ups and drops off and pick them up when they 're sick or there 's a call ...
i have had multiple sad things happen to me , i 'm not sure how i 'd rate them or which one is the " saddest " per say . so i 'll tell you a sad thing that happened to me several years ago that for a bit after , really impacted me . one of my best friends from childhood was the maid of honor in my wedding . i had another long time friend who was a bridesmaid , from my college days . shortly after i asked her to be in my wedding , she became very irritable and bitchy towards me . i noticed about a month before we got engaged she seemed to be having some " off " days but i thought they were just " off " days . it became clear during our engagement she just was being a b \ * \ * \ * \ * . she did apologize to me right before our wedding , but i had to really push for the conversation to take place , plus im very certain her husband told her to apologize ( i also was friends with him , in hindsight she was always really bitchy towards him , so perhaps i should have seen this coming ) and we spent 90 % of the conversation talking about all of my flaws and her going silent anytime i said anything about hers . nonetheless , i accepted her apology . one my wedding day , she complained alot . she then resumed being self centered bitchy after my wedding . my moh complained about her behavior the second half of the time we were engaged and said she was a difficult woman . i felt bad as i hadnt picked people to make her life difficult . shortly after i cut this woman off , ( my husband and family were relieved ) i found out my moh had been complaining about me to her , agreeing with her and my moh befriended her and passively aggressively unfriended me .
smartfood white cheddar popcorn :red_heart: :red_heart: :red_heart:
this . the * first * time my ex broke up with me , he spent the whole summer trying to talk to me still because he “ did n't have anyone else to talk to in his normal life ” ( this was summer 2020 ) because all he did was constantly work hours that did n't really allow him to see his family . his big family , might i add . compared to me who had only 2 family members . not important , just wanted to add it . i let it happen because i assumed he would want to get back together and it was just the circumstances ( covid ) , and we would get back together once school started . when i told him i still liked him , it came as a shock apparently even though he was constantly sharing things with me i know he would n't with other people . that school year we were off-and-on , because 1 . i was a desperate teen that wanted someone to love them , but 2 . he knew that whenever he needed it i would be there & i knew about mental health stuff from my own problems . there 's a lot more i could go into , but none of it really matters anymore . thanks for letting me vent i guess haha
hard agree . books are the first thing i notice in someone 's home . perusing a bookshelf is a great conversation starter !
that women are responsible for cooking , cleaning and taking care of the kids .
i recently discovered dropout kings ( rap metal / google says nu metal ) and they 're now one of my favourite bands . if you happen to check them out and loved them , let me know :pleading_face: :red_heart:
that 's such a cute idea ! i should suggest this to my sister , whose been complaining about getting white hair recently haha
i 'll keep my eyes out for them ... happy to send a mango care package :face_with_tears_of_joy:
she love and respects me . i 'm 60 and she is 50 . i 'm beginning to see in her the doubt and anguish the 50 ' s brought to me . regret of things not done , people she has lost , places she has not seen etc . my job now is to kick up my love a notch and keep listening , keep caring and remind her that no matter what happened in our lives home for me is wherever she is .
ugh yes ! lol once i started getting enough tattoos they could be easily seen regardless of what i 'm wearing i got a lot of " men do n't find tattoos attractive . " and what , pray tell , makes you think i a ) am doing this for men or b ) want men who can't appreciate bodily autonomy attracted to me ? ?
hello , / u / lahoretoamritsar , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed for seeking advice about a specific person or personal situation . r / askwomen is about receiving answers from the community about their own opinions and experiences rather than seeking input on specific personal situations . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
absolutely nothing . i hate them and what they stand for
shoes that go out in public walk through public restrooms - and i do n't want those traipsing across my floors . however , others can do as they please in their own homes . live and let live .
this comment or post has been removed for derailing . derailing includes but is not limited to : - changing the topic from op 's question - making someone else 's response about yourself - asking unrelated follow-up questions - branching into unrelated topics - " what-about " - ism - arguments , slap-fighting , or debating - judging or rating other responses - meta comments about other responses - responding to comments to tell us how your dick feels . no one cares . if you have any questions about this moderation action , please message the moderators through the link on the sidebar or [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , please include a link to the removed content for review .
i get this question from my husband 's male friend all the time and i am so fucking exhausted by it .
yes and the question should be more like why do you want children than why dont you
* non-apologies ( i 'm sorry ... but , i 'm sorry you feel that way . if you apologize like this then why bother apologizing when you are n't holding yourself accountable and giving the person you are apologizing to space to either accept or decline your apology ? ) * mental illness being * ' trendy ' * * performative activism ( this and the above point being one of the negative side effects of social media being so prevalent )
me and my girlfriend could n't meet earlier because of the work , and pandemic restrictions . so far , we were only conversing through texts and calls , and shared many moments together that way only . and now finally , we are meeting in person . because it is going to be my first ever date with her , and in life too , what should be done on the first date to make it memorable for her without making it awkward given it would be our first time together meeting in person after sharing such a long year together ?
i feel the same way — clutter gives me anxiety . it 's perfectly reasonable to want a partner who shares this point of view .
open bar . seeing friends / family . good food . in that order .
this comment or post has been removed for derailing . derailing includes but is not limited to : - changing the topic from op 's question - making someone else 's response about yourself - asking unrelated follow-up questions - branching into unrelated topics - " what-about " - ism - arguments , slap-fighting , or debating - judging or rating other responses - meta comments about other responses - responding to comments to tell us how your dick feels . no one cares . if you have any questions about this moderation action , please message the moderators through the link on the sidebar or [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , please include a link to the removed content for review .
hello , / u / jmoincali , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post breaks multiple rules . please do not repost without consulting with moderation first . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
get yourself some cotton percale sheets ! cool and crrrrrrisp . ( unless you get the “ brushed ” kind . ) they 're so nice in the summer .
in my culture , even men are expected to , but women definitely get it worse . they never ask if you 're going to have kids . they ask when .
removed for containing gendered slurs . if you have any questions please message the moderators through the link on the sidebar .
wrong sub , my dude .
your submission has been removed because this question contains a post title or topic that is already active or commonly discussed . we are not accepting any new submissions regarding this post / topic this time so please search the subreddit using keywords before reposting . you can view our faq [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) or search the subreddit . you can always go to r / findareddit to find the right place for your post . if you think you received this message in error , copy & paste a link your post & [ click here to contact modmail . ] ( HTTPURL ) . please include the reason you are contesting this post and a link to your message . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
your submission has been removed because this question contains a post title or topic that is already active or commonly discussed . we are not accepting any new submissions regarding this post / topic this time so please search the subreddit using keywords before reposting . you can view our faq [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) or search the subreddit . you can always go to r / findareddit to find the right place for your post . if you think you received this message in error , copy & paste a link your post & [ click here to contact modmail . ] ( HTTPURL ) . please include the reason you are contesting this post and a link to your message . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i just do it for my bf . sending him when i 'm walk and in the mornings just because . just noce for him to have a daily picture . well i assume he likes it at i get one from him and he have n't said no .
hello lahoretoamritsar . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , copy & paste a link your post & [ click here to contact modmail . ] ( HTTPURL ) . please include the reason you are contesting this post and a link to your message . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
ritz cheese crispers , specifically the cheddar variant . i hate cheez-it 's , hell i hate crackers , but these lil bitches send me into a gluttonous rage that does n't end until the entire box is demolished
this thing could n't be more wrong , every soap can kill most germs . 99.99 % is just marketing . having a soap to wash yourself is gross imo like just get a liquid handwash
me and my girlfriend could n't meet earlier because of the work , and pandemic restrictions . so far , we were only conversing through texts and calls , and shared many moments together that way only . and now finally , we are meeting in person . because it is going to be my first ever date with her , and in life too , what should be done on the first date to make it memorable for her without making it awkward given it would be our first time together meeting in person after sharing such a long year together ?
it is a woman thing though . because it 's based on the average size of men and the average size of women is n't taken into account . whilst there are men under the average that it will affect there are disproportionate numbers of women it will affect due to this . its to do with missing data .
i felt this when i divorced . men are expected to be the firm parent women are expected to be the good guy . when you 're single parenting you need to be both . it 's hard and people around you judge you no matter how you go about it
removed as commentary indistinguishable from dehumanizing / pathologizing mental health conditions . please do not speculate , armchair diagnose , or label other people 's mental health situations or use terms for mental health issues as judgments , slurs , or synonyms for toxic behaviour . if you are referencing someone with an official diagnosis , please feel free to edit to make that clear . if you have any questions , please message the moderators through the link on the sidebar .
calm down . do n't let your emotions get the better of you .
not just that we enjoy , want and will have children , but that we are somehow naturally , organically , biologically attuned to just \ ~ magically \ ~ know what to do with / how to care for children . huge disservice to women and children .
specific things based on my year-plus partner 's knowledge of me and my tastes instead of magazine tips from internet strangers .
when she showed up to work with bruises on her face and throat .
removed for containing gendered slurs . if you have any questions please message the moderators through the link on the sidebar .
yeah , ( most ) women are n't going to give up the default ' caregiver ' role . it has many benefits but if you really are the caregiver you have power / control over the care-receiver and a lot of ' hero ' accolades .
i 'm 24 . i was never listened to about my abuse , so it 's a big trigger .
thank you , it 's been helpful admitting it and talking about it , especially when others are kind towards me .
bring me the horizon pierce the veil megadeth make them suffer
i 'm mexican so , rancheritos :cowboy_hat_face:
pussy
being the primary parent . even when there 's a sahd mothers are expected to be the main contacts for their kids ' schools , doctors , etc . absolutely insane .
hello lahoretoamritsar . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , copy & paste a link your post & [ click here to contact modmail . ] ( HTTPURL ) . please include the reason you are contesting this post and a link to your message . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
my dad does not know how to express his anger in a healthy way . the more therapy i have , the more i can see that after a hard day at his stressful job , my father would assign his children tasks he knew they would fail ( e . g . telling a 3 - year-old to tidy their room alone with the door closed without getting distracted ) and then when the child inevitably failed ( got distracted and started playing ) he would hit , scream , literally throw toys out of the window onto the lawn ... now i see it as a way he could get his work frustrations out . i had a conversation with him recently and he still thinks that at some point as a parent " you just have to unleash on a kid " ... punishing children as if they were adults with bad motivations . my mum has such low self confidence that she wo n't stick up for anyone including herself , unless someone sticks up for them first and she can just agree . so she never stuck up for her children when they were getting hit , and she wo n't stick up for us now when my dad says something ridiculous , unless we call him out on it and then she 'll basically say " yeah ! " to side with us . if you call her out on it or criticise her in any way she immediately infantalises herself , apologises in a baby voice , or sulks like a tween . i 've even heard a teenagery , sullen " oh yeah , right ! ! " come out of her mouth once when i apologised for something i 'd said . they are not , and have never been emotionally available or mature , and it 's crazy to me how much it can affect you into adulthood . i 'm nearly 40 , and i 'm dangerously prone to overworking myself - particularly now i work from home . i 'll work through breaks , through lunch and i 'll work late because i 'm terrified of " getting caught " not doing the task i was assigned ... but then i overwork myself to the point of burnout and i mentally can not cope with the task i 've been assigned , although i still can't stop thinking about it ( queue anxiety induced insomnia ) ... at which point i just endlessly procrastinate so that at least i 'm at my computer just in case someone checks on me . i 'm in therapy , i 'm on medication and i 'm working on it ... but it 's a hard nut to crack .
feeling content and safe
agreed .
wow ok so i have a true real story on this ... so my cousin ( there 's much age diff . - she 's probably 15-20 older than me ) .. apparently her husband used to be kinda abusive .. like he hit her several times ( was a norm of her life the first few years . , even long after the first child ) .. but bore with it all it seems and was still “ devoted ” ( as you say ) to him . now apparently ( now they have two kids ) he 's changed completely . , she 's his world and has never raised a finger on her . ( this is stuff my mom told me ( i was too young to know these family dramas then ) ) .. i do n't even how to react to this shit lol ... so women are supposed to stay with men in hopes that he might change when he 's abusive ? ! my mom was like ... “ this was how women used to live decades back . , survive through all those mental nd physical abuse and stuff ” apparently , my grandfather used to hit my grandma too i swear . , back in the day men used to treat their wives like children / slaves and even today sometimes ! not as a life partner .. ! ! i 'm still dumbfounded everytime i think of this . ps : i 'm thankfully blessed with great parents
leave me alone stalker
my costco has been out of them the past few times i 've gone for them and i * need * my mangoes .
especially since the life expectancy of a woman goes up when she 's single but goes down for a man that 's single ^ ^ i am looking forward to having a partnership again one day , but i will not take care of a fully grown child that also expects sex again ^ ^
hello lahoretoamritsar . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , copy & paste a link your post & [ click here to contact modmail . ] ( HTTPURL ) . please include the reason you are contesting this post and a link to your message . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
some secrets are n't meant to be shared . not even to " friends " do n't care how much they saw to " trust " them
kindle maybe , also physical books are pretty outdated like a newspaper , educational 10 min documentaries on yt , audiobooks have completely filled their role , if you use bookshelf as a decor fine but if you do n't have it fine too
natural light brown but i miss dyeing my hair rainbow colors . use to have a pink mohawk i thought i was cool as fuck in my teens .
i love giving out compliments . it takes no effort and can make someone 's entire day .
did you just call me unhinged ? anyway , i found your ip address it 's 254.421 . 81.132 . :face_with_hand_over_mouth:
oprah winfrey
ellen has that shark smile down .
prayed , stopped talking to him for a few days and he messaged after those few days himself saying he wanted to commit and that it had been on his mind for a while ( he showed his journalled thoughts ) . it was overwhelmingly emotional on all fronts - i cried because i 'd been waiting for that reassurance and also that my prayers had been answered . prayer works
her public persona is so unlikable and unrelatable to the general public imo . dont blame her though bc she was born into fame .
her parents have really screwed her up . poor child .
no . i 'm an atheist and do n't believe there are gods to ask .
our valedictorian & prom queen had a baby in our senior year of high school and we came out big for her as an entire class . the school admin wanted to deny her being valedictorian to punish her for having a baby and we all collectively protested and said none of of would show to graduation if they did that . she was smart , kind , a great artist , literally adored by every single student and the administration hated her for it , created rules specifically to target her , and that just made us all band behind her harder . we booed our vice principal till he shut up when he told her she could n't be on the phone with her baby 's doctor . we had a walk out on senior day because they created a new rule so she could n't bring her daughter with her . i 've kept in touch via social media , she runs her own hair salon , has three daughters , a husband and paints portraits and landscapes for a side business .
even when her being mean was just rumors on the internet i believed them . i had no proof but when a guest on her show was talking a vibe just came off her . it was n't welcoming at all .
fanny price
your comment has been removed : removed for casual or inappropriate usage of mental health related terms or diagnostic labels . please do not speculate , armchair diagnose , or label other people 's mental health situations or use terms for mental health issues as judgments , slurs , or synonyms for toxic / abusive behaviour . please let us know once you 've made the requested changes and your content may be reinstated . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
the fact i know i am protected by the grace and bravery of dr . tony fauci
for me it 's taylor swift following her bad blood music video . came off very clique-y and exclusive
i love how everyone is defending her rather than acknowledging this . it 's her whole " thing " but people let her get away with it cause shes cute and popular
i can't find it ! i searched for amityville , i can't think of any other horror houses .
how do we know she was too busy . the couple has n't even opened up about their surrogacy ( the child 's name , etc . )
rihanna . cardi b ( sorry stans lol ) , angelina pizznarki or whatever the f her last name is , katy perry
thank you for sharing these . just spent the morning watching each video and now i want to watch more !
yolanda is a real narcissist . have you seen how she ralks to her daughters especially when they are eating . i ' , d be very shocked if they didnt have eating disorders thanks to her .
aww
it was a toxic relationship , bur only depp was really punished by the media
i did n't know he was on the man show . my grandma watches him . that is pretty gross lol
elizabeth hurley
i personally dont know jolie so cant speak for her meanness but i think her humanitarian work is very admirable . she does a lot more positive things than other people in her position of power do imo
i 'm monogoam-ish ? we 're emotionally exclusive , but physically not . i think some people refer to this as “ open , ” but i do n't want people to confuse open with poly .. because we 're not poly . our set up has worked really well for us . that being said , the level of communication there is is tenfold . lots of boundaries , talking , and mutual respect ! i understand it 's not for everyone , but it works for us . and this is the most healthy relationship i 've ever been in .
that does n't matter . if someone uses sex as a reward and is upset their so feels they should be rewarded with sex , that 's the person 's fault that chose to use sex as a reward . it 's conditioning the so to expect a sex reward for good behavior .
do n't lose weight
i 'm still learning it . even a change in the tone of someone 's voices gets me .
agreed , she also seems to be the smartest of them all .
chris martin seems like the biggest sweetheart , i can't imagine what their relationship was like because she strikes me as mean girl vibey too .
tbh the idea of it makes me sad
amber heard transcends mean girl vibes . she 's on a whole different level .
zendaya and miley cyrus
emma watson
he used to come to the café where i worked at the time . we knew each other for at least 3 years , both had a partner at the time and i thought he was handsome but annoying . he thought i was cute but annoying too . so one day one of my friends needed a photographer and i recommended him . i helped them the entire weekend with the photo shoot . it turned out both of us was leaving our partners at the time . we helped each other through and after some time started dating . after 4 years we find each other both awesome and still so annoying . it works though
run away
rachel bilson
is it possible to learn this magic ?
this entire thread is weird and gossipy . a lot of people are just speculating without evidence ( i guess people really are just going by " vibes " ) and they sound jealous . also , op only focusing on women also says a lot .
we met at a party my friend had . she was trying to set me up with another guy , that guy turned out to be really creepy ( friend of her fiance ) . my husband showed up because he was friends with her fiance 's cousin , and he immediately realized that the guy was making me super uncomfortable . he sat by me the entire night , and even walked me to the bathroom , and watched over my drink .
meagain harkle - i mean , meghan “ i do n't care about royalty but call me duchess and make my child a prince ” markle .
control your responses , not your emotions . let yourself feel things . i am a person who has such big feelings - i kinda just let myself experience them . never make a decision impulsively , give myself 24 hours to think . our world is too cold . feelings are good , they make you human :)
* * # [ have questions about this moderator action ? click here ! ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } & subject = why + was + this + removed ? & message =\ [ my + { kind } \ ] \ ( { url } \ ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * *
for me , a sign was him not texting me more after i refused sexting him . i suddenly realize what a pig he was . him not answering for weeks / not wanting to see you should also be a clear signal . how to overcome the rejection / disappointment ? look good , go outside , become aware of men that are looking at you , be brave and just look back , everytime you go outside at least one person will put their eyes on you . it 's up to you to give a chance to a person you find nice , no compromises , just try to get to know people and recover your self-esteem
keep a man ? are men dogs ? what did they do to keep her lol or she just has to stay ? what a bunch of sexist bs
remind myself i 'm doing this to be healthy and happy , and get back on track .
jessica alba
bullying myself about it does n't work , it makes it worse for me . i try to remind myself that if i do n't feel good about something i have a choice in it . and also that i 'm worthy of being happy about how i look and feel . forgiving myself for the slip up is also a must . it 's a mental thing , it 's what works for me .
shailene woodley and her little boyfriend too
wow , thanks . did n't know reddit was so bad . good to know .
florence pugh
no , none of that is weird .
awh lol rip
the one from my class had a baby , and works at a daycare . she was genuinely happy with her life when i last saw her .
britney bitchhhh
hello wolfpurple 76 . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i 'd rethink this take ..
i know . i loved her and kind of assumed she was like the characters she played and the person she portrays in interviews . i guess she 's anything but .
no , nothing like that . she told the cop that her family is a bunch a pranksters and she really thought i was her niece pranking her .
i isolate myself , rarely seek out anyone for anything these days . i 'd almost always prefer to be alone or with my baby . sometimes his existence alone , and his absolute joy in life , is enough to make me just cry at the beauty of it . i 've learned to just let it go and experience the world , but take out the shitty , human element .
he 's a former colleague :)
* * [ have questions about this moderator action ? click here ! ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } & subject = why + was + this + removed ? & message =\ [ my + { kind } \ ] \ ( { url } \ ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * *
angelina jolie
probably betty white
they were n't real friends
ugh yeah i hated that shit so much . “ bitch i 'm a cow ... i go moo ” x 100 wtf . i can't believe people are giving her money .
right . she is ! i think kylie too but sometimes they just all get unhinged . and kendall has a diva attitude .
your submission has been removed : we are not a subreddit for personal advice , recommendations , evaluation , or validation . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
humanitarian who bought at least one child from a poor women that was manipulated by traffickers who sold kids to rich people . maddox was supposed to be an orphan . but he was n't . this was the first link i found , but there 's much more including a woman that claimed maddox was hers and she was told it was supposed to be an open sponsoring / fostering , where she was helped financially but kept her child and the sponsors “ jolie ” could visit , then he could go with them for schooling but come home to her on holidays like a sponsored boarding school . then they stole her child as soon as she signed papers not in her native language . HTTPURL
at a nightclub on halloween . i was a sexy pirate , he had full sugar skull face paint on . when it was time for him to pick me up for our first date i panicked because i realised i had no idea what he actually looked like . 8 years later and still going strong .
may i ask what are " yes " ppl ? not sure what that means
really ? you 're censoring that much ? how are we to really discuss things then ?
they do n't have a personality and their content lack quality . if not for their fanbase and company , i do n't think they will be that successful . i used to stan them when they first debuted
i 'm not sure it can be separated from social constructs . not entirely sure what you mean by gendered contexts but probably the same for that imo
your submission has been removed : no one here wants to talk about your penis . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
rihanna
this comment or post has been removed for derailing . derailing includes but is not limited to : - changing the topic from op 's question - making someone else 's response about yourself - asking unrelated follow-up questions - branching into unrelated topics - " what-about " - ism - arguments , slap-fighting , or debating - judging or rating other responses - meta comments about other responses - responding to comments to tell us how your dick feels . no one cares . if you have any questions about this moderation action , please message the moderators through the link on the sidebar or [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , please include a link to the removed content for review .
" celebrity "
kendal jenner definitely . she seems like the one of the most reasonable jenner / kardashians but she treats people like she always has to be the diva .
looking after their kids
agree . i used to really dislike jimmy back when he was on the man show , but i feel like he seems like a genuine guy on his own show , i 've really come around and i enjoy his pranks . much more lighthearted .
your submission has been removed : askwomen is about receiving answers from the community , so please remove your own reply / commentary from the submissions title / body text . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
a really beautiful gown from sheern hill ? idk if i spell it correctly . got it at a uso in nyc during fleet week . never got to wear it . cost around $ 300 - $ 500 then .
well that we can confirm
oh yeah , did n't they literally punch a girl in the face on tour one time — i think it was a backup dancer or something ? because the dancer ratted demi out for being on drugs ... ?
i was casually dating around when i first got into college . just enjoying all these new things , i even introduced the people i was dating to my friends . it turns out the person i kept introducing these new guys to was the one i eventually fell in love with . he had feelings for me , and eventually , i did . and we were both hesitant to start something because we were friends since elementary . 7 years together now . the anniversary was last month :)
this comment or post has been removed for containing gendered slurs that do not meet the [ gendered slurs guidelines ] ( HTTPURL ) for / r / askwomen . if you edit to meet these guidelines , please let us know and your item can be reviewed for reinstatement . gendered slurs are not permitted unless they are part of a quote , being used in a discussion of the term itself , to refer to the actual body part referenced , or as part of a specific set of irreplaceable common terms . for more detail , review the linked guidelines . if you have any questions about this moderation action , please message the moderators through the link on the sidebar or [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , please include a link to the removed content for review .
this comment or post has been removed for casual or inappropriate usage of mental health related terms or diagnostic labels . please do not speculate , armchair diagnose , or label other people 's mental health situations or use terms for mental health issues as judgments , slurs , or synonyms for toxic / abusive behaviour . please let us know once you 've made the requested changes and your content may be reinstated if you have any questions about this moderation action , please message the moderators through the link on the sidebar or [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , please include a link to the removed content for review .
olivia colman
bella hadid . she just looks like she does n't have a kind thought in her head .
your submission has been removed : we do not allow questions that needlessly exclude minority demographics . please use [ inclusive phrasing ] ( HTTPURL ) . limiting responses to majority demographics is not permitted . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
this comment or post has been removed for casual or inappropriate usage of mental health related terms or diagnostic labels . please do not speculate , armchair diagnose , or label other people 's mental health situations or use terms for mental health issues as judgments , slurs , or synonyms for toxic / abusive behaviour . please let us know once you 've made the requested changes and your content may be reinstated if you have any questions about this moderation action , please message the moderators through the link on the sidebar or [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , please include a link to the removed content for review .
yessss brilliant love song . * ' have i known you 20 seconds or 20 years ? ' *
started at 22 , currently also 27 and i do n't think there 's ever going to be an end point . once you start transforming it 's hard to stop because you keep finding more and more things to work on .
idiot
and ?
megan fox
pink
i limit how much i read and when . i do n't follow everything throughout the day . i made lists on twitter for news accounts and check them only at certain times . sundays are my news-free day . also until a certain point , i think it 's a matter of * choose your battles * . there are zillions of " news " nowadays . most--if not all--of them are important . but we can't emotionally handle them all . i gave up on trying to be informed about all the important stuff . i follow what i follow , and stay quiet about what i do n't know enough about .
julia stiles .
get a 20x magnifying , lighting mirror :red_heart:
i have so many gd shirts that do n't fit right now ( as in i could put it on ... but i'mma look like an overfull toothpaste tube ) because when i ' loose the weight ' i can wear them again and i wont regret it because " they 're silly / cute . " and i 'm ignoring the pants pile because i do n't wanna find out how many do n't fit my butt . plus pants are a pain in the ass to find due to dumbass trends taking over the whole industry for years an a time ( also expensive ! ) . i hate high rise and mom jeans . but apparently it was the only style in fashion the last time i tried pants shopping . anyone wanna sell me jeans that sit on my actual hip bones ? buller ? ?
that has always given me the no feeling . it 's like there is this attitude “ we 're gay so it does n't count ” it counts and it 's terrible .
i want a fkn boyfriend again . i 'm not lonely or desperate i just want the feeling of having a best friend other than my actual best friend . i do n't miss the sexual side at all i just miss going on dates to places we both enjoy and always having someone to do shit with ... sigh
if you hit it off with a new potential friend and you both exchange numbers i would reach out soon because it 's easy to forget who is who when you are a popular girl . i would take the initiative the next morning and say something like “ omg last night was so fun , loved chatting with you , let 's go do xxxxx ( something fun ) ” i think the key is approaching it with confidence . it needs to come across that you know you are worth spending time with because who would n't want to hang with you ? ? ? that 's why you do n't need to be scared to text , assume that she is going to say “ hell yes , when ? ” you do n't need to wait around and play any games about waiting to text girls so give it a try . also , if you shared some sort funny moment the night before , bring that up in the beginning text , because everyone loves to laugh .
made no difference to me , let them think it . not my problem .
katy perry lmao
reduce stress . get some hair dye .
i put a skill i learned in undergrad but would n't have been able to expand on it so i removed it
lucy lawless and xena warrior princess ...
you shouldnt wash your cup with scented soap of any kind , thats extremelly irritating to your :grinning_cat:
trudy from avatar :')
nathalie portman as princess amidala :smiling_face_with_hearts:
i am straight , but i have three and they all came about in the same timeframe . leslie mann , kristen bell , and kate mckinnon
vanessa hudgens
no , i 've tried but i come from western africa . men from that part absolutely detest if you ever signal that you 'd like to pay the bill . men are taught at a very young age that they ought to be a provider . if a lady would so much as offer to do something like pay a bill while out on a date , they 'd see it as an insult . i love african men lol
actually listening when we talk
just wondering as i 'm quite anxious around women i would like to ask women out or even compliment them but i do n't want to come across as creepy .
i 'm writing an essay right now that talks about how porn contributes to misogyny . way too many of those videos involve some form of sexual assault or harassment , as well as many instances of women just being completely physically abused .
both my son 's have my last name and not my husband 's and my husband is perfectly fine with it because his family is toxic and my family is more of a family to him . but damn the looks i get from people and comments people make about it amaze me .
i feel like i always am in some way but when i wanna be extra i wear a short , flowy skirt with some type of stockings . i may even straighten my hair and wear some makeup . it makes my partners mouth water sometimes and when other people see something it makes me feel powerful because they can look and watch but much like a famous painting they can't touch
none . i always make sure this is someone who stops when i say stop before i let them touch me . that attitude has kept me safe . that means i 've had 50 + partners who understand the importance of consent .
i do n't think you can . i embraced it . bleached my hair and dyed it metallic silver . looks awesome af .
emma watson
" i 'm not like other girls . " i used to say this so much as a teenager but as i grew up , i realised how wrong it is .
moved to another country at age of 38 , got my drivers license at 47 and going to get married ( for the first time ) this year hopefully at 51 . age is just a number . i am also going in therapy and finally dealing with childhood traumas . it 's never too late and always worth it !
margot robbie
demi moore
my parents
no
janet jackson
my ex bf broke up with me through a friend of his . he never spoke with me , blocked me on all social medias and my phone numbers too . he never again came in front of me . its been 4 years since then i still dont know why he broke up , why he didnt say a word to me , why he disappeared so suddenly . now his memories are very blurry but sometimes i still think of him . i want to ask him questions and i cant .
i have a fear of being abandoned , replaced , and forgotten . i 've had break downs about it when my best friend started dating our neutral friend because i was scared she 'll forget about me .
watch it once in the morning and once in the evening .
i don ‘ t ask stuff , i bite him . he seems not much annoyed . he annoys me with humming / singing catchy songs or phrases and seeing if i they will get stuck in my head . he has a 90 % success rate i ‘ d say , although this is also often unnoticed by me until much later . he always wanted a talking bird , now he has me .
abusive relationship
your comment has been removed because : your karma is too low to participate on askwomen . you will be able to participate when your karma has increased . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
main things . some of these are different people - spreading rumors about me - lying about me to my friends , gaslighting me , and talking shit when i left the friend group - put there ‘ depression ' on me 24/7 - cheating on me , lying about it , and hiding behind everyone when i found out - and finally ! saying this and i quote “ everything that ever happened to you was always your fault ” then called me a cheater and selfish when he was already with another girl after we silently broke it off between us ( thanks steven )
books . yarn .
found my person when i was 31 . going back to college now in my mid 30s . hoping to buy my first house somewhere in the later half of my 10 year plan . it 's all been really gratifying . - pie
this is crazy to me , i dont get why its pronounced as a z . either way miss is better imo then
cosmo and seventeen magazine in the 90s . it really taught us women how to be desirable to men and not for ourselves . it really made us become pick me girls
p ! nk
wwe wrestler paige . seeing her made me go hmmm ... i think i 'm into chicks too .
what the fuck . miz ? ? ? why would anyone pronounce the s as a z thats so weird
yes and we almost have the same avatar lmao
i 'm beautiful :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: :see-no-evil_monkey:
thank you for posting to / r / askwomen . in order to give all users an equal opportunity to have their questions answered , we restrict submissions to once a day ( 24 hours ) . please wait 24 hours before submitting a new post . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake or you are submitting again after a removal by the moderators , please * * [ click here ! ] ( HTTPURL . ) * * [ askwomen rules ] ( / r / askwomen / w / rules ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( / r / askwomen / w / index ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL ) - - - ^ ^ boop ! ^ ^ bleep ! ^ ^ i ^ ^ am ^ ^ a ^ ^ bot . ^ ^ concerns ? ^ ^ message ^ ^ [ / r / askwomen ] ( HTTPURL ) . ^ ^ previous ^ ^ post ( s ): ^ ^ [ suwp 4n ] ( HTTPURL ) ^ ^ | ^ ^ limit : ^ ^ 1 ^ ^ per ^ ^ 1d ^ ^ | ^ ^ next ^ ^ eligibility : ^ ^ 2022-02- 18 ^ ^ 19:11 ^ ^ utc
i think our brains are normal , but we have to fit in with society which is where drugs come in . i hope the new prescription works well with you :red_heart:
yes , took me years ( and birthing a baby girl who happens to look the most adorable in pink ) to come to terms with this :growing_heart:
the washington post has the 7 which has 7 newsworthy items which you 're briefed on every morning on weekdays . each event is a few sentences long . if you want to delve in they have links . i just tend to read that and call it a day . it only takes five minutes . you 're informed but not overwhelmed .
princess kida from the disney atlantis movie
shrek
heat waves
i am very perseverant and extremely lucky !
i 'm married , going on 11 years , neither of us wants kids . we did n't go in deciding that but just talked about it over the years and we were both like eh . he works full time plus really likes what he does . i work from home with dogs which i could n't never do in like a vet / office setting because of medical stuff . we play video games and hang with family and friends and just live our lives as we want . we are both probably going to get higher degrees , his work is much more technical than mine but he 's made it just fine without any degrees . i just wanna play with dogs all day lol . i love being able to help with the kids in my family . i plan on being the fun aunt and helping them in every way that i can ! but i also love coming home and chilling with my dogs and my books . we 're not huge travelers , we live close to our families and friends and go on big vacations maybe once a year ( pre covid ) . our lives look just like everyone else 's but without kiddos everyday all day and im good with that .
the gym !
my favorite girls
medication and therapy
so i had gotten admit from 2 schools . uiuc and northeastern . i had paid my enrollment fees of $ 1000 to uiuc , had found room mates , and was hunting for houses near the campus . even met up with uiuc group of my city twice , had so much fun . then i suddenly changed my decision to go to northeastern . i had declined their offer a month back but i emailed them asking if i can get it back , and they did . and now i 'm here typing everything from boston :) )
your submission has been removed because this question contains a post title or topic that is already active or commonly discussed . we are not accepting any new submissions regarding this post / topic this time so please search the subreddit using keywords before reposting . you can view our faq [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) or search the subreddit . you can always go to r / findareddit to find the right place for your post . if you think you received this message in error , link your post & please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was auto-removed for asking for asking about a commonly asked subject . " & message =) . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i could n't get a job anywhere because i did n't have any experience ( this was when i turned 18 ) so i added 1 fake work experience . nothing too serious , just that i had worked for 1 year at a small clothing store and that 's how i got my first job lol .
your submission has been removed because this question contains a post title or topic that is already active or commonly discussed . we are not accepting any new submissions regarding this post / topic this time so please search the subreddit using keywords before reposting . you can view our faq [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) or search the subreddit . you can always go to r / findareddit to find the right place for your post . if you think you received this message in error , link your post & please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was auto-removed for asking for asking about a commonly asked subject . " & message =) . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i had a friend in high school who stole my first kiss and then told our friends that i was the one who came on to him and forced myself on him . it was his revenge because i stopped talking him ever since it happened and refused his apology . i cut off all the people that believed his ass .
my unpacked boxes are mostly sentimental , or decor . but also because i just keep fing moving every year . so they do n't get got to and they 're always the last to unpack because they 're not essential .
gave my baby my last name ! could n't believe i was expected to create and birth a whole human with just my body and then give him somebody else 's name . it 's wild when you think about it !
big time haha , had my mate put her mums company for a year and her mum gave me an official reference - was actually in canada bumming around haha
wanting the job . also both my mum and step mum have different surnames , so i used them as references .
when i got my hormonal iud my cramps went away .
yaaayyy got accepted to a government funded course that 'll help my career . very happy today . and i love stormy weather ! what more can a girl wish for on a friday .
pink was and still is . i 'm straight and would probably leave any man for her . :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
i text my friend to call me and act as if i 've to go somewhere . coincidentally , i just did that yesterday lol
princess leia in that fucking metal bikini ...
angelina jolieeeeeeeeeeeee
lola bunny
yes . i said " let 's make this unconventional so i 'll pay on the first date " and he agreed . but it was only one drink , i do n't think he would let me pay if it was expensive .
tinashe
chloe moretz , hailee steinfeld .
after our break up , around after a week , my ex had gone on a road trip and posted all about it on his instagram . and some stupid girl had also commented on it . whereas , i was crying on the floor of my bathroom . i mean how was he even that calm or happy to go out ? i was bawling my eyes out and screaming . and there he was biking . i know i sound very bitter and not that he has to go through the pain i was going through but it felt so so unfair and bad . and oh yeah , this was after a week , he had posted a story about his childhood photo and how puberty hit him , just the next day , whereas i was taking sleeping pills to the bed . god , it 's horrifying to even think about those days . i 'm so glad that they 're over .
a song i made up for my son ... are you ready for your bath time are you ready for tonnes of fun are you ready to splash around and get all clean get ready for bed yeah are you ready for your bath time
wolverine for sure especially in the first x-men movies
hello , / u / according-quality - 14 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as answers to common or recently asked questions can be found in the faq or through the search bar . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
actually curious , doesnt the seatbelt rest on the same area of a woman 's body ? i figured the main differences in seat belt effectiveness and comfort would be the height / weight of the person . * barring pregnancy of course
i call men who like sports basic .
jessica rabbit , then courtney love
i love them ! much comfier than tampons , cheaper , and much less waste . my favorite aspect of my diva cup is that you should boil it before each period to sterilize it , and i love joking that i 'm making diva cup soup to poison the patriarchy .
i have every reason to believe that we will end up fighting wars for clean drinking water in my lifetime , and the idea of that terrifies me beyond words .
love and heartbreak
waifu-aesthetic shitposting been watching a lot of vtubers lately .. they 're funny dammit
grandchildren !
your submission has been removed : this is a common topic or recently asked question . please have a look at the front page , use the search bar , or have a look at our faq . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
i roll my eyes at it . i think the idea is nice - that you need to relax and figure who you are first and let things happen . but i have been “ myself ” for years and it 's has not got me anything . i had to stop being myself in order for guys to even notice me . had to figure out my angles and wear make up and learn how to flirt . the few “ relationships ” i 've had , i had to go out of my way to pursue . i 've not been looking for someone for about 3 years now and have had absolutely no results . just random guys in my dms being thirsty . maybe my personality and interests are just not naturally attractive so there 's no way to relax and be in a relationship at the same time .
in bed between 11pm and 1am , out of bed between 9 and 10 am . i 've never been able to nap , it was always just more sleep for me when i was n't getting enough . not very efficient , though , it takes me a while to actually fall asleep .
it would be , if i could afford it . i always think of this mother 's group i joined when my kids were tiny and i was . a stay at home parent . it was very ethnically diverse - people from peru , brazil , china , ecuador , india , all over the place . and i will never forget this one conversation on housecleaning . because a lot of the white american women talked about trying to keep the house clean , sharing housecleaning tips , and there was this ... i dunno , not pride , but this feeling like a ' good ' stay at home parent should be good at housecleaning . like a whole culture around being good at cleaning the house and keeping it that way . and a huge chunk of the women from outside the usa , especially from anywhere in mexico or south america , were flabbergasted . they do n't view being able to clean a house in any positive light . like , ' there is nothing morally good about being able to clean a house . it 's a chore ; that 's it . and if you can hire someone else to do that chore for you , so you have more time to spend with your kids , with projects , with work , why would you not do that ? why would you do this boring , grinding chore every day , for free , when someone else could do it and at least they 'd get paid for it , and you 'd get to enjoy more time to live your life . " coming from a family where hiring anyone to ' avoid hard work ' was viewed as close to a sin , this was such a new perspective for me and i absolutely would hire people to clean now , when i have the money .
na its more like my cats like him he doesnt like them and i liked him but now im starting to question
your submission has been removed : this is not a subreddit for personal advice , evaluation , validation ( including " does anybody else ___ ? " questions ) , or recommendations . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
cute dates that are a way to my heart : cute and pretty restaurants for breakfast / brunch / lunch / dinner , picnic date during sunset , boba tea date , grocery shopping , exploring a historic district together . dates that do n't require spending money would be walking around nature and just talking and getting to know each other and possibly cooking dinner together at home and watching a tv series / movie <3
not call them my friend .
i go into the bathroom , the dish room , or the freezer and cry . i cry when i 'm on my way home , i cry at home , i vent to my friends . i make sure to get plenty of sleep , and do not neglect my health . and i do not bend over backward for the job , no matter how many times i get shamed for it and if i get labeled as that one person people can't rely on . this job is thankless , so i 'm not going to do more than my job description entails .
i 'd be fine with it if they gave me some other means of communication ( messenger , instagram , whatever ) but if they do n't want to give me any , i 'll just consider them an acquaintance from then on .
charm + passion
what kind of shitty friend is that ? tell em to fuck off . you 're not here to kiss ass for friends
family history , trauma , and past relationships are ok but i had an early relationship die when it was clear my career was on the uptick ( i had told him how much i earn maybe 3 months in ) . i do n't think the $ value itself intimidated him , but how “ clear ” my career progression was ( lol i had only gotten the role a year prior to him and it was in the field he was thinking of going into ) . so , maybe career details that demonstrate your market value ? idk , still thinking it over whether i 'd be as transparent the next time around .
i did not know women were known to be more ruthless and violent in history . care to elaborate ? that 's very interesting .
usually salty stuff .
your comment has been removed : derailing the topic is not permitted . derailing includes but is not limited to : * changing the topic from op 's question * leaving a top-level comment when you 're not the target demographic * giving unsolicited advice * making someone else 's response about yourself * asking unrelated follow-up questions * branching into unrelated topics * " what-about " - ism * trying to start arguments , or debates * judging or rating other responses * meta comments about other responses * responding to comments to tell us how your dick feels . no one cares . for more information , please [ click here ] ( HTTPURL ) . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
if we 're friends , i have their number . that 's a given
being a good conversationalist .
your comment has been removed : derailing the topic is not permitted . derailing includes but is not limited to : * changing the topic from op 's question * leaving a top-level comment when you 're not the target demographic * giving unsolicited advice * making someone else 's response about yourself * asking unrelated follow-up questions * branching into unrelated topics * " what-about " - ism * trying to start arguments , or debates * judging or rating other responses * meta comments about other responses * responding to comments to tell us how your dick feels . no one cares . for more information , please [ click here ] ( HTTPURL ) . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
yep . that 's all i have to say about that .
chef boyardee lasagna is so good .
come to the conclusion we 're not friends .
same !
i felt the awkward part . thats how i feel too rn :sleepy_face: :sleepy_face: :sleepy_face:
i do n't understand the point of it . i think it 's usually because of men not wanting to commit but still wanting all of the benefits of a relationship .
your comment has been removed : in order to respect people 's lived experiences , we do not allow invalidation of those experiences . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
it 's pretty true for me . my cycle since dating as an adult : get on dating apps to actively look , go on a few dates and do n't like anyone , realize i do n't like actively looking and would rather be single , meet someone i actually like within a month later while out and about .. lol . my guess is that it 's because i 'm relaxed and genuinely having fun while out and about and end up talking to someone that 's doing the same .
i do n't tell knew partners any of my personal business . i may or may not after enough time .
when it gets bad i think about they day i get to walk out and never come back . just put it all behind me . i am currently searching for a new job but having a hard time matching my current pay and less stress . the golden handcuffs got me .
sweats
your comment has been removed : derailing the topic is not permitted . derailing includes but is not limited to : * changing the topic from op 's question * leaving a top-level comment when you 're not the target demographic * giving unsolicited advice * making someone else 's response about yourself * asking unrelated follow-up questions * branching into unrelated topics * " what-about " - ism * trying to start arguments , or debates * judging or rating other responses * meta comments about other responses * responding to comments to tell us how your dick feels . no one cares . for more information , please [ click here ] ( HTTPURL ) . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
your submission has been removed : graceless generalizations are not permitted * people are not a hive mind . * speak only for yourself . * * do not * * * generalize across all people of a gender , race , or ethnicity . * ask for mind reading . * ask for us to defend / explain / justify other people 's behaviors . * assume that all people in a gender , race , or ethnicity do / think something . * ask for " male equivalent " / " female equivalent " as these would not exist for most things due to different cultural processes . * exceptions : discussion of cultural norms ; quotations * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
i cry because i experience emotions . emotions are involuntary .
i do n't believe that is true at all . women can be just as bad or worse as far as being violent and aggressive .
your submission has been removed : this is not a subreddit for personal advice , evaluation , validation ( including " does anybody else ___ ? " questions ) , or recommendations . post this here again one more time , see what happens . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
museums , hiking , picnics , walking around downtown and exploring , stargazing , firefly watching , trips to the lake / beach , tubing , cooking together , going to see a local band , a trip to an arcade , visiting a boardwalk , going out to take photos , rollerskating , or playing boardgames ( some of these are seasonal or based on where you live ) . one of my favorite dates a guy stopped at the gas station and asked me what my favorite soda was . he came back out with a coke and we drove to a hill overlooking the city and watched the sunset together .
oh no , poor guy ! how can i make this easier for him until he gets on a more even keel ?
definitely less than a full roll
i 'm with you on this one . it is tire that women are generally known to be less aggressive and friendlier but man some of them can be vicious . i think about how carry and jealous women can be . it 's more psychological than it is physical . where men it 's usually more physical than psychological .
your submission has been removed : this is not a subreddit for personal advice , evaluation , validation ( including " does anybody else ___ ? " questions ) , or recommendations . post this here again one more time , see what happens . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
not wanting kids
it 's ok , we have all the time in the world !
deez nuts
i'ma play devil 's advocate and say that they need to work on themselves . it 's not your responsibility . in fact , it 's not fair to put expectations and responsibility on you . there 's some solid advice here like always being honest , no matter how harsh or hurtful it might be . if they 're overthinking , they 're overanalyzing and reading into you and they can probably pick up subtle changes in you that you might not notice . hell , they might not even be there , it could be the overthinking taking control . however , i do n't agree with constant reassurance . that 'll potentially exhaust the other party ( ie . op assuming they have a partner who is an overthinker ) and can create co-dependence , especially on routine . ie . if constantly reassuring them ever exhausts you , they will be able to tell , feel it , and if you do n't follow through , they will overthink * that * and that can cause a spiral .
i hope for your sake that does n't happen . you 're a very strong person for pushing through life with the illnesses you have . i wish you the very best and hope you keep pushing forward .
then we are n't friends . any sort of friends .
i 'm not ready . :(
bruhhh ... how ? do you wrap the whole roll around your hand ? ? ?
putting women on pedestals and pressuring us into abiding by high standards / the perfect kind women is a form of misogyny . women are not perfect , some women can also be horrid and cruel . good women are good rulers . good women can give more insight into things ridiculed and overlooked by men , shitty women leaders do n't do shit .
i usually go to kung fu tea and i think the black tea they have is earl gray . i gotta say , earl gray with those brown sugar bubbles are so good lol ! ! ! now i swirl brown sugar in my earl gray at home ! ! yummm now this made me want pad thai and those clear spring rolls :d
with the way humanity is heading ... we may need to return 2 dino
suddenly having a psychotic break and ending up like my mother . i already have a whole laundry list of mental health issues many of which are severe and already leave me barely functional . i do n't know what the fuck i 'd do if i ended up developing psychosis on top of all that . i 've seen how my family , the community , doctors , mental health hospitals and the welfare system reacted to my mother and how they treated her and great her even now and i would not be able endure that . not to mention unlike her i have no one to advocate or help care for me at all .
i had all sorts of opinions until a few years back , when two different acquaintances of mine came out as trans men , one after another . both got on testosterone , and both of them pretty much stopped crying when they got mad , even though they both used to cry when they were mad , before they started testosterones . one of them even commented that it freaked them out , how little they cried now that they took testosterone . so nowadays , i just think ' hormones ' and cry if i need to , lol .
dresses with pockets
yup .
give it to my mom so we could move out of the homeless shelter .
in my opinion “ chivalry ” is defined as between a woman and her one romantic partner . otherwise it 's just an act of kindness . so yeah in my case , as a woman dating a man , his acts of chivalry are directed towards one gender because i am one person with one gender . but the acts of kindness he does to his friends or family are not gender specific . i think ppl are getting mad at the word chivalry bc nobody would be upset if op said “ acts of kindness ” instead . they really are the same question . op is essentially asking “ what acts of kindness do you enjoy receiving from a romantic partner ” men ( and women ! ) do things like open doors and cover tabs and offer jackets to their friends , family , and romantic partners . it 's only considered “ chivalry ” if it 's directed toward a romantic partner .
coffee , fries , coke and crunchy foods lol
as a feminist , it 's hard for me to admit that i like being objectified :grimacing_face:
true colors . it does n't have the typical meaning to me , but it made my cry while i was going through a divorce . the line “ the darkness inside can make you feel so small ” always reminds me of that time .
i feel glad he trusts me , and that i know what 's happening for him .
a big asteroid hitting earth .
i disagree . some of the worst people i knew were women and they are vicious .
your submission has been removed because this question contains a post title or topic that is already active or commonly discussed . we are not accepting any new submissions regarding this post / topic this time so please search the subreddit using keywords before reposting . you can view our faq [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) or search the subreddit . you can always go to r / findareddit to find the right place for your post . if you think you received this message in error , link your post & please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was auto-removed for asking for asking about a commonly asked subject . " & message =) . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
secrets between my friends / family members and i that do n't effect my partner . if they do n't need to know , i wo n't tell them .
i do n't think it 's male vs female problem , it 's a money and politics problem
old condoms
salty + c r o m c h y
any act of chivalry that the person in question would also extend to others . i do n't like having a single action that 's just reserved for me or anyone that they 're sexually interested in .
nervous about the actual ceremony because i hate attention ( for good reason ... my dad 's death grip on my arm was the only reason i did n't trip on my dress walking down the aisle . he will joke about it forever ... totally acceptable lol ) as far as being married , though , i was just excited . we 're just 6 years in , but i know even more now that he 's my person . it gets hard , but we always figure it out .
honored that they feel comfortable enough with me to share things like that .
he starts my car for me in the mornings when it 's cold , and will plug it in at night for me if i forget i do n't care about opening doors or paying the bill or anything , but if he wants to be a big strong man and go start my car in - 40 then i do not need to be a strong , independent woman and will let my knight in shining armour come to the rescue . we 're absolutely equals , but that does n't mean i do n't appreciate when he does things for me that he knows i do n't like doing myself , or grabs my favourite candy when he 's at the store without me asking . some of y'all acting like a man doing anything for you to show some courtesy is just the worst possible offense
i 'm 33 and my acne is worse than it 's ever been . i think it 's hormonal but i 'm not sure why it 's so bad lately . that being said it 's not crazy bad , but i always have 2-3 zits on my face and they take forever to go away . it does n't affect me socially but i am grateful for masks right now !
my partner and i both were convinced our date would be terrible-it started raining when we were going on a walk , both of us had plenty of other things to do and both of us had had so many bad dates . 5 minutes in both of us were totally shocked .
there is no way to answer the question . many people are commenting that " women are just as much assholes as men " . however , the majority of the world is patriarchal - aggression , oppression , & violence are accepted as " leadership " qualities . women , even those raised in patriarchal societies , have much lower instances of violence . even in fully an oppressive societies women have the lowest stats for violence . when violence , aggression , & oppression is not the " go to " traits for governance it would be reasonable that diplomacy , strength ( without oppression ) , and action vs aggression , would be a more likely outcome vs assuming women will act just as men have given the same level of power .
carrying heavy shit for me
fine with any , as long as the person performing them is n't doing it for sexist reasons . i do n't mind a bit of old fashioned romance . i suppose of everything i 'd say i most appreciate being walked home , as it removes the nervousness of walking alone at night ( though this is only applicable when i know the guy well enough to not think * he * is the risk ! )
agreed ! my partner is kind and polite to everyone in general but he does little extra things for me that make me feel special and appreciated . it 's sweet and respectful .
sounds like a recipe for tv success
being straight forward .
mayb 3 all he wanted to do was do rite by a woman for all the times he fucked up he was trying and maybe talk to him like a man or at least with a back bone
some women love it . i am not those women . hate pregnancy + want more kids + not kim kardashian rich . terrible combo .
chocolate . sometimes i 'll crave buffalo / blue cheese combinations too
a sad thing to think about . that 's the cost of loving
a sad thing to think about . that 's the cost of loving
your submission has been removed because your title does not include a question mark . please ensure your title is properly formatted to be a descriptive , open-ended question . if you think you have received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for lacking a question mark " & message =) . thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
feminists vs . ant-feminists go .
you should get a bidet
i 've heard those are less than the fun :grinning_face_with_sweat: . 9/10 i hear the end result was worth :)
really bad early 2000s college kid , teen , and rom com films . so mindless and excellent background noise .
go to bed at 11 , wake up at 8 ! i get a full 8-9 hours of rest and that keeps me from being cranky , and allows me time in the morning to rest and relax
losing partner
there 's a brazillian brand called " live " . i think they sell those in the us ' cause i know someone who works for that brand and lives in california .
your comment has been removed : [ derailing ] ( HTTPURL ) of the topic is not permitted . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
my big juicy double dd boobs or most of the times d when it 's not the time of the month and they 're not heavy i 'm still chubby at the age of 33 a uk size 18/20 but one of my childhood friends who is a size 34 b has said she hates having small boobs , sometimes my boobs make me insecure the odd time if i 'm not wearing a bra they hang down and i was body shamed when i was younger being told i 'm 5 " 1 short with big boobs . anyway they look full and juicy in some outfits but even when your fully covered downside is men look at them like pieces of meat
it 's funny that you mentioned eating because is so true . it 's either boobs in food or food in boobs
a typical day when my partner and i are both at home : play with / train my dog or prep dinner ( me and my partner alternate ) walk dog together ( she only gets a short 20 min walk in the evening ) , finish cooking ( or chill if not cooking ) , eat dinner , clear up , watch tv ( usually about 1h ) , bed i do exercise and long dog walks in morning or as breaks when i 'm wfh as i like to chill in the evenings
uggg , the material from the butt part of underwear rubbing against me under my pants , shorts , skirts .. or whatever bottom article of clothing ... creeps me out .
marry a billionaire prince , have a humongous wedding , be a princes / queen , and become a famous movie star .
oh that makes it alright then / s
your submission has been removed : questions asking about your own situation can be asked in / r / askwomenadvice ; questions asking about your relationships can be asked in / r / relationships , and r / findareddit can help in other cases . please read the respective rules before posting . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
heaven knows i 'm miserable now by the smiths
do n't know anyone like this .
4am to 12pm help -
started wearing them because i hated seeing panty lines under my clothing . i also had to pull back at regular briefs all the time , so the step was not that big in my experience .
it helps to find a fabric that suits you . personally , i find bamboo underwear to be very comfy .
night at the roxbury
depends . my work schedule is wack . my shifts vary from 5am - 2pm to 2-11 pm .
t-pain
i think your so is in a good direction . sometimes is not the best to explode with what is in your mind with another person , and it 's also hard to tell other person their downsides because it can hurt their feelings , but i would like to know if there is something about me bothering my so that i can change , before it gets too much into his head that he stops loving me for some reason . i 'm a bit coward tho and i prefer to not try to change him in any way , but for sure i would like him to take more care of his teeth , smoke less , or wake up earlier ... considering how lovely he is and all positive aspects , i just do n't confront him about it
so many men lie on their resumes to get jobs . just take it .
same here , been called " dead " " ghost " " doll " , the hardest part is finding a foundation that does n't make me look undead or is too dark for my skin .
run fast and far my sister
i love wrinkles that are baked in joy . it 's like the person is perma-glowing .
this . i am going grey and i do not want to dye my hair . currently , i am working really hard on accepting it . like daily talking to myself about how i am gonna enjoy being grey .
prince harry
10pm - 11pm . up usually about 7.30 am
knowing that a lot of people edit their photos .
i appreciate your kind words .
your submission has been removed : graceless generalizations are not permitted * people are not a hive mind . * speak only for yourself . * * do not * * * generalize across all people of a gender , race , or ethnicity . * ask for mind reading . * ask for us to defend / explain / justify other people 's behaviors . * assume that all people in a gender , race , or ethnicity do / think something . * ask for " male equivalent " / " female equivalent " as these would not exist for most things due to different cultural processes . * exceptions : discussion of cultural norms ; quotations * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
losing my virginity to rape and losing all of my “ friends ” because of it .
if you can't use it without feeling bad do n't use it . people moan about influencers but it 's pretty easy to not follow them
enjoy the honeymoon phase while it lasts . once it 's over , run ! ! !
:face_with_tears_of_joy: :face_with_tears_of_joy: :face_with_tears_of_joy: hey now , he survived that miniseries called “ time ” that came out not long ago . that 's a start !
yes , i do n't understand why people do n't mind their business about this . if you wanted a tan you would have got it already without their advice . my bf 's mom tried to convince me to use tanning oil instead of spf at the beach because “ you have black hair so it means your skin does n't burn ” .
i have a small bullet vibrator . it 's not as loud as the bigger ones i think and it 's easier to use during sex . i just place it on my clit while my partner is inside me and voila . sometimes he holds it as well .
it 's amazing how it overlaps into other types of bigotry so often .
i have like really flexible elbow , i think it is called hypermobility or sth . not sure . anyways it is very creepy and i was very embarrassed to dance in dance class when i was a kid ( it looked like my hand was broken ) however , now i love scaring people with it . i have tons of other flaws too , i 'll let you know if i ever love them .
then i 'd take it 🤷🏿‍♀
you picked that man , you deal with it . do n't call me ever again !
i prefer having healthy teeth to having a " distinctive " maw , thank you very much .
promising young woman
depends on which ex . i am still ( not very close ) friends with several of them tbh . now that i think about it , almost all of my exes were actually decent people . we broke up either because we didnt feel in love anymore or our expectations from a relationship didnt match or life changes forced us apart etc . there was one though . i dont know how i even agreed to date him ( thinking with the little brain down under ) and dated long enough to get to that point but being tall dark and handsome doesnt excuse being dumb as a rock and expecting you to be at his beck and call . he dont know the difference between having a girlfriend and having a dog . dtmfa .
this is terrifying , i 'm so sorry you went through this .
i wear them mainly because i wear gym tights or tight fitted clothes and do n't like panty lines .
andrew garfield
same
my crooked teeth . they are not veryyyy crooked like " i need an orthopedic asap " , but they are the upper row is slightly protruding and the lower row is misaligned . i used to hate them during school , but have grown to love them . our social conditioning has put a lot on emphasis on * perfection * and has created a set of features fitting that criteria . it is sad that even the slightest deviation from these unrealistic and artificial standards make you * ugly * or someone who needs correction . fuck you , society .
ironing . lol .
your submission has been removed because this question contains a post title or topic that is already active or commonly discussed . we are not accepting any new submissions regarding this post / topic this time so please search the subreddit using keywords before reposting . you can view our faq [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) or search the subreddit . you can always go to r / findareddit to find the right place for your post . if you think you received this message in error , link your post & please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was auto-removed for asking for asking about a commonly asked subject . " & message =) . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
bicycle its much cheaper to run i 'm fitter day to day is fibe , trying to get to out of the way places can be annoying
the rule in our house growing up is you eat what you put on your plate . if someone serves you a plate then you do n't have to eat all of it , but you do n't waste food that you voluntarily put on your plate . you can always get seconds as long as you eat it all .
strict uniform : blazer , tie , white shirt , trousers or skirt . no makeup before year ten only one pair of earrings no nail polish . shirts had to be tucked in . tbh i think it was a good way of giving kids a small thing to rebel against ! i noticed that when we got to sixth form college and had no uniform the girls who repeatedly got told off for nail polish wore it way less .
your submission has been removed because this question contains a post title or topic that is already active or commonly discussed . we are not accepting any new submissions regarding this post / topic this time so please search the subreddit using keywords before reposting . you can view our faq [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) or search the subreddit . you can always go to r / findareddit to find the right place for your post . if you think you received this message in error , link your post & please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was auto-removed for asking for asking about a commonly asked subject . " & message =) . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
dream ! that 's who i picked . since he 's sober i would n't want him uncomfortable so i landed on nick offerman but dax is the best ! ! ! when he tweeted me back i was like a school girl . embarrassing !
i have a brown circular freckle / birthmark on the right side of my nose . it 's completely flat and a little smaller than a grain of rice . it 's gradually been getting bigger as i 've got older . i 've been told i can get it lasered , but i kind of got used to it . i do cover it in make-up most of the time though . my fiance said he likes it .
i 'd have to use my right to remain silent . this is no longer my circus or hers and getting involved with the monkeys is a bad idea . if pushed i 'd say " get out while you can "
i would just have a deep and honest talk about my experience with him and how things were and why it ended , i would n't say bad things about him even though i have every reason to , i would give her my blessings and wish her a fulfilling future with him . we left on bad terms but i have a big heart for him and for anyone that you truly care and love for in this world , you would want them to move on and be happy .
daddy by coldplay
ha ! in middle school i called my mom asking her to pick me up early because i had these awful stomach pains . she did n't believe me at all and lectured me for half the car ride home about faking sick to get out of school . i ended up vomiting all over the car in the middle of her speech and she was silent the rest of the way home . the worst part is it was n't even her car , it was a rental while her 's was getting a repair . it got all up in the cupholders . reeeeeeally gross .
sticking up for myself . i get anxious that it if i stick up for myself , it 'll turn into a bit confrontational argument and i hate confrontation . i also worry that they could end up saying something back that will really hurt my feelings so i 'd rather just say nothing and let it go . do n't get me wrong , i do sometimes stick up for myself but it depends on who it is and whether it is worth it .
he has narcissistic tendencies so stay vigilant .
social dance . the folk world is now a big community i can fall back into when i am around it
being very pale - i just love it !
i told her everything i knew . i showed her the emails where he admitted poking holes , showed her the police / legal stuff and everything else i had . makes me feel awful . i tried to help & if that woman had listened to me that precious baby would n't have had to suffer .
this is so relatable .
haha how do you do that ? sounds like fun :popcorn:
your comment has been removed : removed for casual or inappropriate usage of mental health related terms or diagnostic labels . please do not speculate , armchair diagnose , or label other people 's mental health situations or use terms for mental health issues as judgments , slurs , or synonyms for toxic / abusive behaviour . please let us know once you 've made the requested changes and your content may be reinstated . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
i love this ! ! :sparkling_heart: :sparkling_heart:
he 's a lovely person apart from the terrible flaw of wanting to live near his parents all of his life . oh and you 'll have to nag him for months to see a doctor for health conditions and the ed gets wearing after a while . lovely guy to date but not compatible life plans
same
your submission has been removed : this sort of question is not what this subreddit is for . try using r / findareddit for a more appropriate place to ask it . moderators reserve the right to remove posts that are not in the best interest of the community . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
the robin williams part . i 'm shocked to see all the keanu votes . i did n't know he was so well liked . i have nothing against him i just remember people used to say he was n't a great actor ? ? ? i could be totally wrong on that .
mmm long titties . delicious .
my ribs stick out . i kinda like it ! i think it makes me look skinnier .
let yourself be free
gets defensive , rolls his eyes , stops listening to me . usually a sign we need to take a breather , lol
stretch marks , saggy boobies , grey hair :)
he has zero emotional intelligence and not a romantic or considerate bone in his body , so i hope you do n't need to feel particularly special or cared for at all .
so we had a school uniform that was ugly as all hell , you had to wear your jumper and could n't have your top button undone summer or winter you also had to have your jacket off during class summer or winter ( including if you were in the damn prefab building which was freezing )
self esteem
the only ex that i would ever want to hear that from passed away . if any of the living ones have that thought , i really , really hope they keep it to themselves .
holy crapsticks ! !
none . i just do n't live places where it would be needed
but that ballroom scene between jane and lefroy gets me every time ! ( the ending itself kills my heart and leaves me a pile of goo i agree but everything in between ahhhh )
they 'd have to rent a crane just to get out of bed let alone go outside
even my surname being lincoln would be profoundly strange outside of the us . i would probably go by my middle name if it were my first name .
suka blyat jiban kurwa naxui
no , sorry .
calves . i 'm nigerian american and ever since i can remember , whenever i visited nigeria , alot of remarks will be made about my toned calves . funny enough , they are very subtle like kim k 's especially whenever i 'm on heels . but my fellow americans love my calves very much .
i 've noticed the mods are great with keeping things somewhat clean around here , when i see a thread locked i often pull the removed comments to see how bad things got and grab a bag of popcorn .
he will never find your needs important unless they also include outside validation for himself . he values money and material things very much .
switch knife you have to shake to get out very old but not dull . i say just need my inhaler ... click .
same . i 've even looked into the price of removing them but it 's expensive ( obviously ) . it 'd be so comfy and it 'd remove both the possibility of a nip slip ( so wear whatever you want ) and the chance of breast cancer ( or at least decrease it significantly ) , it 'd be so nice .
girls who bang on about being “ super small ” sometimes even describing themselves as “ smol ” and play up to it . or when girls act thick on purpose because they think it 's cute .
my hip bones sticking out . i 'm not anorexic , in fact i even have a bit of a muffin top , but i 've always been skinny , and these bones stick out and there 's nothing i can do about it
it 's sailor moon themed , my mom bought it for me .
googles c string underwear
i had just turned 18 , my dad did n't care and has n't ever said anything about any of them to me , probably just shook his head or something . mum was opposed to it but over time she 's given up saying anything . they both know i do what i want and it does n't matter what anyone says i 'll do it anyway . there 's only 4 or 5 that my mum has admitted to liking . not that it bothers me at all .
adam driver
i full on snorted at this :face_with_tears_of_joy:
he will manage to victimise himself in the situation and twist the message . he 'll be rude and condescending as well , and make me sound unreasonable meanwhile being unreasonable . then he 'll say something really dramatic and use terms like " never " or " i wo n't ever " . he is quite a reasonable person but he handles conflict badly .
i never knew organic carrots could make such a big difference until i tried them . even the bagged ones taste like fresh carrots from the garden . definitely worth splurging on .
cheese , or beef jerky .
hello , / u / motherc 2022 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed for seeking advice about a specific person or personal situation . r / askwomen is about receiving answers from the community about their own opinions and experiences rather than seeking input on specific personal situations . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
is kerrygold that good ? i 've always wanted to try it but stop myself out of fear of disappointment .
i love pistachios as well , but i get the ones with the shells on in order to slow me down . lol
when i was in my 20 ' s a guy i worked with wore a mint green shirt , i told him that he looked like a lovely bowl of mint choc chip ice-cream ... he looked at me like i 'd gone mad lol
literally talk and goof around with the guys . they love shopping , afternoon tea and doing face masks just as much as the girls in my experience !
the end of a serbian film , where he violates his child , nothing but a beast burden wrought of hard circumstances , and even as he does so his own comrade and brother violated his wife beside him . just do n't watch it . i watched it like punishment .
this show ! ! the one with jaime and the main antagonist ( can't remember his name ) was one of the most gut wrenching , uncomfortable ones i 've ever seen . one of the first times i really thought about skipping entirely .
girl with the dragon tattoo . the entire beginning of the movie with the woman was just realistic torture porn and capped off with a horrific rape scene . i gave the “ critically acclaimed ” movie the benefit of the doubt and was waiting for it to all pay off in the end . let me tell you i was even more horrified when the credits rolled and the whole point of the beginning of the movie was just to establish the woman as some broken manic pixie dream girl for james bond to have a daddy / daughter sexual relationship with while solving a scooby doo mystery . like what in the ever loving fuck . that movie horrified me in ways i can't even describe . it is truly the scariest horror movie i 've ever seen because it 's not even meant to be a horror movie .
rockies and black canyon , colorado !
pasture raised ?
starbucks iced coffee
on me ? 17-19 % , which i 'm right in between .
tuna casserole . a bag of twisty egg noodles , two cans of campbells cream of mushroom , and one or two big cans of tuna depending on how much money you have . cook the noodles , mix them together with the other ingredients , then throw it in the oven at 350 for 20 minutes . i like it crispy on top so i add like 5 minutes under the broiler . serve piping hot .
i would wear all the clothes i have always wanted to wear because no one can stop me
honestly , h & m is fine . it does n't need to be a specific brand . go for cotton and you 're good , maybe go a size larger than usual too .
trained responses from past relationships . he worries when i stay in bed beyond 7 am ( i often do all my work paperwork in my cuddly nest ) , because the last woman he lived with had lie in bed and cry all day level depression she would not address . on my side , even though i intellectually know he swears , loudly , as a frustration vent , it still makes me freeze as if someone is going to come yell at me . because that 's been the case in the past . we are working on it .
ooh yes i forgot about those ! i get the cold pressed greens juices sometimes . $ 4 but when i know it 'll be most of my veggie intake for the day it 's worth it .
nasi goreng . basically fried rice but with sweet soy sauce ( kecap manis ) and chili sauce ( sambal ) .
lotion , serum , a nose stud , some lip balm and a lateral flow test .
this sums it up for me as well
i do n't think i 'd be able to watch that .
i understand you 're desire to avoid drugs as there are a lot of steps that can be utilized before going that rout , but i do n't understand your aversion to therapy . right now it sounds like you 're suffering and instead of doing something , a known and effective treatment for the problem you are having , you 're instead choosing to do nothing and continue to hurt yourself ( whether directly now or by another episode brought on by a build up in stress ) as well as those that care for you ( by causing them worry and stress ) .
boxed protein mac and cheese , frozen meals and frozen vegetables
they hide my cellulite quite nicely . add a nice glow to my legs , and stop my inner thighs from rubbing together
yaaas cat queen ! those $ 8 dehydrated treat bags amirite ? ?
agreed . i had a co-worker who was super fun to talk to because we had lots of the same geeky interests . but when i went over to his apartment it was like a 10 yr old lived there . action figures , plushies , posters , comics , video games , all over the place . it was honestly really cringe . suddenly , it dawned on me why he did n't have a drivers license or why he was in his mid thirties still had the same grocery store job he got when he was 16 .
absolute hell . i actually felt physical pains in my chest from it in the first days after . i did n't leave my bed on the first day , did n't eat , did n't do anything apart from stare blankly at the tv .
went on vacation across the country by myself and literally went on a date with someone i manifested . it was crazy
i buy myself a kombucha every time i go grocery shopping . there 's so many flavors and it fun to try a new one every time .
having childlike hobbies and such is not too much . i can probably match childlike behaviors with my so , especially with the way we tease each other , and many of the things we bond over . it 's not an issue for me unless it impacts actual responsibilities and things along that nature .
the brutal beatings and rapes of the young boys in the film sleepers .
yes . rape scenes . the hills have eyes was the worst movie , and the horrific rape scene just killed it .
we have an incinolet toilet . so no bidet . sadly . i miss my bidet .
hello mindless-flounder - 38 . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
her mother essentially makes her daughter ( precious ) get her off . her mom psychologically , emotionally , and physically abuses her throughout the entire duration of the film , it 's disturbing
i swear to you , the walmart great value brand strong is just as good . i got charmin when it was on sale and actually prefer the great value .
freshly made sushi from the sushi counter and boar 's head deli meat
well the reality is that for successful people , we all often go unfulfilled because you get stuck in an endless cycle of projects and many of them will go uncompleted when you die . i tell my friends that having a nice house and luxury cars is n't what it really is . most people with nice things in this world are stuck maintaining that lifestyle . a true saint would be someone financially successful while also eschewing ownership which is probably less than 1 percent of the world .
yes all of this .
when i was a kid we used to have " mac and cheese " , which was overcooked pasta mixed with minced meat and onions and cheap ass ketchup with a handful of cheese thrown on top . awful stuff . but we were poor
get a bidet and live life to the fullest !
removed for derailing . if you have any questions , please message the moderators through the mod mail link on the sidebar .
that was such a good movie .
of course we have together about 1.5 years
there 's pantyhose , tights , and leggings . pantyhose are very thin and usually sheer . they 're most commonly skin-tone or black , but can be other colors as well . think the type of hosiery you see on women wearing business suits . [ tights ] ( HTTPURL ) are like panty hose , but a little bit thicker and usually opaque . you might see some women wear tights in winter instead of panty hose since they 're warmer . both panty hose and tights are considered hosiery , so you 'd never wear just panty hose or tights as an article of clothing . both also have feet . leggings are articles of clothing , not hosiery . they 're thicker than tights and do not have feet , so they 're meant to be worn as you would a pair of pants . for example , you could wear leggings under a tunic ( long shirt or sweater ) , but you would n't wear just pantyhose or tights under a tunic .
land before time when littlefoots mother dies . i still cry watching it at the ripe old age of 27 .
i think it 's not incompatible to simultaneously believe that humanity is fundamentally good but that we are already past a point of no return , particularly in terms of climate change . it will mostly be the impoverished and developing world that will suffer the worst consequences ( already are - we are long past speaking in terms of hypotheticals ) , but even if i wanted to raise a child , would i want to create yet another human to bear witness to what 's to come ? it 's a moot point for me because i have zero desire to be a parent - but even if i did , i dunno ...
planter 's peanut butter is way more money than kraft and never on sale here but after trying planters once i can't go back to kraft . it just tastes gross in comparison . i could also just get regular creamer to add to my coffee which is like $ 2 but i get the $ 5 + international delight flavoured coffee creamer because it 's delicious .
its way too excessive and really ignores the fact that many many women were sexually assaulted and its so triggering . so maybe they should tone it down , i swear every other movie i watch has some disturbing sa scene of one kind or another .
your gut is always right , trust it .
hello , / u / eddwaaa , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed for containing or promoting a personal agenda . this is not a debate sub or sub for soapboxing . discussion questions about specific subs or users is not permitted . posts made in an attempt to create or stir up drama will be removed . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
good whole bean coffee . and cherries , if they look good , i do n't even look at the price .
good protein . i do n't skimp on that .
scared to ask but .. what happened ?
the wonderful sweet chili pistachios are one of my biggest addictions !
especially after having kids i can't watch the scene in law abiding citizen where the wife and child was killed in front of the main character . i also can't watch the “ revenge ” part .
u might like perfect blue , they are both so similar
why would i have to propose . them being my partner is already something important .
yeah thank you , agreed . my first marriage he had high blood pressure we did n't know about and his fuse was a half second short . pretty damn intimidating .
an ex used to describe himself as " just a big kid " . it was so off putting and icky to me . his actions and attitude were immature , childish and stunted . it was n't about his hobbies that might be considered childish at all . my husband has some of the same hobbies and a very youthful vibe about him but he 's never struck me as childish at all . as long as someone acts like an adult with responsibilities and how they treat others i could n't give a shit less if they decompress with legos or comic books or something like that .
pistachios
hello castironedge . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
yeah , as someone with an ex that was abusive - trust me i know first hand how a charmer can be downright sadistic . i do n't assume innocence on anyone , nor do i assume guilt without some form of evidence .
hereditary - the whole movie man
spices , there are only a few places in my area that sell za'atar , and it 's musty and gross compared to what i make fresh , but when sumac is out of season i have no choice , i will pay $ 30 for a bag . ( but really , look up the staghorn sumac tree , if it grows in your area , the sour fuzz from the seed pods taste like sour candy powder , there 's nothing else in nature like it . )
there 's only room for one hardy bush in this studio apartment and she ain't shaving
constantly where ever the mirror is
i 'd say the same thing . in the beginning i 'd like to have fun , try on different styles , fun clothes like bell sleeves , long flowy skirts and dresses , those old style huge dresses . then i 'd go for comfort on most days .
so if a director is a man and he adds a rape scene then all of a sudden he enjoys rape ? that 's pretty much what you said . you should get away from that mentality of demonizing men . there are a few prison rape scenes that are horrifically violent . where a man 's getting his ribs punched in until he can no longer resist ( can't remember the movie ) but i do n't think male directors are adding things line that in there for their " enjoyment " . thats like saying we should n't have drawn out horror scenes where people are getting killed . because . ... " . we do n't need graphic drawn out scenes to show how horrific " murder is .
their choice of hobbies does n't really matter to me . what matters is if they are emotionally and mentally mature enough to be a partner that i can be in a relationship with .
i will eat so many in one sitting i get digestive issues lol
your comment has been removed : gendered slurs are strictly scrutinized ; please see our [ gendered slurs policy guide . ] ( HTTPURL ) if you edit your comment , let us know and it may be reinstated . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
get a dehydrator and do your own ! bonus , it makes the whole house smell delicious all day .
4 years of separation due to military . and 2 deployments
helping someone out of a dark place .. he was the 3rd person telling me i saved them , it effected me and impacted me , so much . i got a tattoo of <3 3 signification of 3 people i help and 3 people who also impacted my own life . not in the last month either but it has stayed with me now several months .
tapioca pudding
if the grocery store has burrata , i will buy it and buy several . i 'm a complete cheese whore and ripping into a ball of burrata with actual truffle salt on it is my idea of a top tier , crazy ass delish snack / meal , depending on how hard my day has been .
have you tried amazon ? anything non refrigerated can be delivered :)
i could n't watch wind river i had to stop . i agree with everyone filming rape does n't serve the story it just makes me feel like we 're just adding to rape culture . but idk other women may feel different . i do n't get the benefit of showing rape on screen in excess .
yup ! gotta have cushy for my tushy !
fortunately i live in a place with a grocery outlet within 15 minutes which makes it really easy to " splurge " on fancy stuff . definitely cheese , packaged smoothie mixes / products , nut butters , etc .
house hold cleaning products . no particular brand i just like trying what works best . i will say i like the meyers peony scent cleaning spray and for what it costs i 'd say it 's a splurge .
just looked up the summary and oml . that 's so disturbing like what kind of fucked up individual comes up with that .
sea food . i can rarely afford to eat them but i always take a second to admire the beauty the mussels , oisters , octopus and shrimp have .
in the movie malena , there is a scene where a mob of women drag malena and beat the shit out of her , cutting her hair and being overall sadistic while the men just watch . why ? cos she 's pretty and getting attitude from all the men , so its basically shallow jealousy over her looks . i hate that movie so much . i cried , yelled at the screen over this shit of a movie that relies mainly on shock value and sexualisation of malena . that scene made me feel sick to my stomach .
stopped complaining about people treating me badly and started cutting those people out of my life .
specialty goods like cacao nibs , erithritol . fancy cheeses , sometimes . in season produce at the farmer 's market .
good quality produce . ataulfo mangoes in particular !
in the early 2000s , when people wore tank tops over short sleeve shirts .
hello , / u / eddwaaa , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as answers to common or recently asked questions can be found in the faq or through the search bar . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
gone girl where she puts a wine bottle up herself . even thinking about it makes me cringe
oh god yes , that movie had such a lasting effect . for me in particular the scene when he is in hospital with the arm ( wo n't say anymore ) just felt like it was you going through it all . now hearing that freakin violin music still gives me anxiety .
huh . when i lived in oakland , i had one , but it was a serious tree .
i get kerrygold butter , charmin , rebel " ice cream . " i can't afford to splurge much , but those are my favorites .
hope to not be deleted for this but i wish they had a version of things like breaking bad for people who simply can't watch violent horror . i know if gross stuff was cut out , the episodes would be half as long and i 'm ok with that . i can infer horror . i 'd still like to go along for the character development .
hello select_plan _6020 . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
have you considered your personality ?
talk to men who understand my desires , problems , etc . men are n't that different from us , they are simply more direct and therefore way easyer to cope with
i am about to be 34 , and in my third trimester . my husband and i have been together seven years and i 'm so glad we waited . take your time and do n't let anyone 's pressures distract you from taking what you want from this life . you only get to do this once - do n't give up because people convinced you you should do it their way . you 're doing great <3
did you know sunscreen causes cancer and the same company that makes their sunscreen also sell cancer cemo
i got engaged at 19 , and married shortly after turning 20 . i 've been married 6 years . there have been problems , but we knew that going into it . we have amazing children together . we got to grow up together . we are closer because of it . you have to embrace the problems as opportunity to grow closer instead of signs of doom in your marriage . we are a million times closer because of our differences & being able to overcome them .
better skin , better digestion , better sleep . cutting out caffeine and alcohol , also great results .
really depends on what you 're eating
when we moved into our first house the abuela next door spoke no english , but was always waving me over with a plate “ for the baby ” while gesturing to my chest . he was like 6 months old and nursing so i guess she felt the need to feed me . best neighbor ever .
hang the dj HTTPURL
i hope you are also able to get in touch with services that can help you . sending your way lots of strength !
5 ' 6 " or more i guess ?
listen to sad songs and cry
5 ' 8 " you giantesses
agree with all except the food tracking , they are diet culture and likely lead to long term weight gain like all diets , it 's much better to practice mindful eating and listening to your body .
by my late 30s i 'd say . i had the basics there but switching to wool and linen garments over cotton , finding tall sized dresses and shirts , and colorful outerwear took time .
i have a similar but sort of different angle issue . my partner has terminal cancer and seems absolutely set on refusing any of my attempts to him care for his body , mitigate discomfort with lighter or more nutritious food or really do anything other than get twice monthly chemo — which leaves him completely wrecked for half the month . no matter my efforts to provide care for him , he refuses it at every turn . he insists on trying to eat fast food on days when he can barely keep water down , or he 'll eat velveeta shells and cheese on days when he 's dealing with constant waves of nausea or diarrhea . it 's beyond difficult to have to sit and watch him suffer so much , not be allowed to do anything at all to provide comfort or love . so i 'd add the perspective that no amount of caretaking and love can ease someone 's way if they are unwilling to accept the care . sometimes your presence and willingness to sit in discomfort together is all that you are able to offer to one another .
we 're not aiming for it we love sex lol i love women but i love a woman who puts out even more
there is a youtuber i can't think of his name but “ tiny wisk ” is a meme of his . he made chick-fil-a sauce and it turned out well .
right , exactly what i 'm thinking too , i feel bad she 's going through something but find a better way to cope than to mess with a healthy relationship . i 'm sorry you 're going through it too , these obsessive exes always have the most to say and i 'm tired . i hope our situations get better , friend .
if he wanted to , he would .
friends are sometimes better at being your family than your real family .
thank you for your positive energy . i have seeked help since . sending positive energy to all those who are also experiencing mutual feelings .
a decent lunch date :) most of my dates are successful / lead to relationships .
how can you be manipulated into sex it 's either rape or prostitution
do n't participate in that bs . he should be asking you on dates and taking you places . that is some lazy loser shit . check him on that .
maybe you 're not gf or wife material
it really is ! until that point , my perception was that there was a “ winner . ” one girl in the room that everybody mutually agreed was the prettiest . so , anytime i was with other women , i was either winning or losing . i laugh as i think about this random custody officer who just casually flipped my way of thinking . he has no clue the amount of mental time that 4 minute conversation has occupied .
i 'm so sorry , what an asshole .
have n't seen that one either . from what i 've read , the story arc seems fine , but it does n't seem to have an ideal ending .
i named my son link :red_heart: ( well , lincoln , but we call him ‘ link , ' so he had a choice later to go by one or the other )
cane 's sauce
i think if you take care of your health and are doing consistent check ups women that are 30 + can conceive and deliver very successfully . if it makes anyone feel better , my uncles wife had a baby at 47 and then another baby at 49 recently , healthy babies thankfully but it is very possible !
okay but this ! it literally makes no sense to me . not only are they wasting the other person 's time , but theirs as well . it 's almost like they enjoy the chase and temporary validation
the acid ones , like tartar sauce , sour cream , lemon ... :face_savoring_food: 👍🏻
always try to “ fix ” things . no , i do n't need to be “ fixed ” like my emotions and opinions are wrong and need to be corrected .
that no amount of love , loyalty and care is going to change an abusive partner into a caring one .
do you use an app to track your food intolerances ? if so , can you recommend ? :)
i do n't . i 've never been loved .
warning : you will never ever not be worried . love is the best and the worst feeling . it makes you feel good and warm and fluffy , but at the same time you worry . you worry about their health , their safety , their feelings . you want you partner to be safe and feel good all the time and you will do anything in your power to make this happen , but you can't always be there when they drive too fast , when they have a dangerous job , and you can't - at least to a certain degree - influence their body to stay healthy . so you worry . all . the . fucking . time .
that depends on the height of the guy . i 'm 6 ' so maybe 5 ' 9 ” or greater .
that 's literally so weird it 's like she 's obsessed with you ! i 'm glad she 's not doing it to you as much at least now !
depends on certain situations . my fiancé and i started dating because we hooked up and the rest is history . i would say this definitely does n't work for everyone though , it depends on the person .
well , the 6th was date night with my bf . he started showing covid symptoms the next day and tested positive . i somehow tested negative and have had zero symptoms despite the making out and sex so i consider that successful lol .
this has opened my eyes to some things i 've been struggling with . thank you .
i was a busgirl in a diner and had to keep borrowing my sister 's nice pants the first couple weeks so - my own black slacks , a bit of makeup ( another thing i was borrowing from her and mom ) and i got a taco bell burrito in there at the mall
horsy sauce from arbys
5 ' 8
boiled broccoli is better that baked
my tendency to overthink things & try to please others . i 'm always paranoid that everyone else can sense that i 'm trying too hard to win their approval .
that while all the ladies in my family will likely be long lived , i 'll die before i 'm 35 .
anything spicy . sriracha , cipoltle , hellboy , valentina ...
probs 5 ' 7 but maybe that 's because i 'm short lol
above 1,70 m
so glad the bottles they sell in stores donate their profits to education so i can justify buying it .
i had read all about them in books when i was 7 or 8 and i had a little package of pads and tampons that one of the brands here would post to you to have on hand ( i guess to start the brand loyalty early lol but it was like a variety pack ) . so i got home from school one day when i was 12 , saw the blood , told my mum , put a pad on . it was pretty chill . i think she gave me a hug and reiterated that i could ask any questions i have . i can't remember if mum or dad took me to buy my first pads , but once i figured out what i liked , dad would just get them when he did the grocery shopping .
i hope this gets better for you ! thank you for sharing ! ! i 'm not even kidding i 'm going through something so similar ! except for his ex claims he was abusive but literally he 's not even remotely close to abusive with me and we 've been together almost 10 years now . my relationship before him was abusive so i would not have tolerated an abusive relationship after healing from one . it 's so frustrating because like part of me feels bad for her because obviously she 's going through something , but i did n't do anything to her and she 's obsessing over my husband .
> 5 ' 7
5 years with an asshole like that 🤦‍♀
that no woman in my lineage has ever been properly loved and cared for by the men they gave their lives to . to know these women and their stories , to watch them become a shell of themselves for the men in their lives has been my greatest heartbreak .
i 've found many men will sooner think i 'm a moron than believe i 'm making a joke about something . some guys really do n't believe women have a sense of humor .
instead of thinking of it as being cold think of it as being kind to yourself :red_heart:
like it 's some foreign language or something
i am so unbelievably sorry for the loss of your son , i hope that you 're doing okay xx
when after we ate dinner he wanted to go get a tattoo of the rebel flag on his arm ( i live in the south ) . there was never a second date and barely a goodbye at drop off .
“ sassy sauce ” from this burger joint called hopdoddy . it 's a blend of mayo and house-made horseradish honey mustard . i would dip anything in it .
mayo and siriacha
wow that is creepy ! in my case , my fiance 's ex ( who now has a child with her partner ) is a bit of a sociopath / narcissist and thinks she is better than me ( she messaged him a few times to say i looked basic / boring / pathetic etc ) . i think maybe she stalks me to make herself feel better or something . a bit of stalking occasionally would probably just be harmless curiosity , but if it 's constant then it seems like maybe they never got over the relationship .
that i 'm terrible at maintaining friendships because i always distance myself from people .
sounds like might have been the cause of your breakdown
i think honey mustard is severly underrated . garlic aioli i like too .
hello princessfluffybutt _ . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i knew a dude once who complained that his ex took her sex toys with her when they broke up . like , you wanted to keep them and use them on other people ? gross
your boobs look like absolute ass after you 've breastfed two babies ... i mean totally awful .. stretched out , long and droopy ... and they feel worse than they look . you can never comfortably * not * wear a bra because they are so heavy and droopy they pull on your back and chest muscles and just flop and swing around like they have a mind of their own . just the worst .
they does seem to be more and more trans representation these days in all sorts of media . i really enjoyed the trans character in big mouth , its a small story arc . but executed well . but i think media is getting there slowly .
i did n't know anything about it . the first time i started my period . i thought i was dying . i was in the shower crying thinking i was going to die . when i came out of the shower . i told my mom , she nonchalantly lead me to the bathroom grabbed a pad and said place this on your underwear . you 'll be bleeding once a month .
seems like bigger women in media are always the funny best friend and not the romantic lead , or else the whole plot is about their fatness as if they do n't have an entire personality outside of that . like , can't they just be a regular person with a job dating and finding love and not make some huge deal about their size ?
caution : some days your feelings will be stronger and some days they 'll be more casual . you may get easily annoyed with them one day but miss their annoyances when they are n't around .
on the flipside , if they take " no " as a challenge but back off when you say they have a boyfriend , it 's not any better . they 're respecting a hypothetical man 's ' property ' more than your actual feelings
your submission has been removed : this is a common topic or recently asked question . please have a look at the front page , use the search bar , or have a look at our faq . we do not allow questions that needlessly exclude minority demographics . please use [ inclusive phrasing ] ( HTTPURL ) . limiting responses to majority demographics is not permitted . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
took me a long time and quite a few relationships to figure this one out ..
have a go to recipe ?
that is ... woah .
with this shit i always have to keep in mind that if they say it about someone else , they 're gonna say it about you
nice
chick fil a sauce . ketchup and mayo mixed . zesty bk sauce . honey mustard .
raising canes sauce :drooling_face:
warning : communicating your feelings is necessary , even though it 's the hardest thing in the world for you because of your childhood trauma ...
i feel more like me in my blouses and dresses and girlier things , i love dressing up and looking all pretty , boosts my self esteem
when my cat sees me and gives me the biggest cuddle . we have to close our bedroom door during the night , otherwise he 's running over us all night and wakes us up every hour ! but he 's so happy to see me in the morning !
to them , having any standards means standards are high . and it seems incels want us to stoop down to their level of insecurity and desperation where we should be greatful and settle for any attention we get ( i especially have seen this line thrown to explain their reasoning for being willing to go for an interested woman they felt no attraction towards ) .
duchess
my friends and i used to do things together when i was younger . if we could n't figure out something to do or play we got bored and went home . now we sit still and just talk the whole time . as a kid , i always thought my parents were boring when they did that with their friends but now i get it .
i 'd had enough of being a jester / whipping boy so i snatched that crown and found a king worthy of my heart . it 's been a ride , especially through a pandemic shortly into my new found freedom . the universe has a dark sense of humor with a fragile heart , we are it 's warriors .
i do n't feel it holds the power marketing would have have you believe it does . it 's just like anything else . if hair is healthy , clean , managed in some kind of style , even a simple ponytail , it 'll add to attractiveness . if it 's fried , greasy , unkempt , bad dye job , it 'll detract from attractiveness . same goes for if your nails are nasty , you do n't floss your teeth and you never exfoliate and moisturize your skin . good hygiene and basic grooming goes a long way .
this is very important . i completely agree . can't even say just how bad it is
that in order for sex to be " done " , you have to lie down with someone under a blanket . i thought this because i would see a lot of scenes on tv where the characters would be shown in their post-coitus cuddling , so i thought that was what the sex was lmao .
the burger king zesty sauce is one of my favorite sauces ever . but if queso counts , i 'm picking that .
pretty much anything , while simultaneously daydreaming
hmm i wonder what kind of privilege are you referring to ? being scouted as a model or to catwalk in a fashion show ? maybe ( even then i can argue that the power of make-up and exercising helps ) for job interviews and such , being pretty is n't a necessity but prim and proper definitely helps . as long as you look presentable then you 're more than good . not having pretty privilege does n't mean you wo n't have a chance to find people who accept you for who you are . i 'd argue that it 'll be easier in fact because they treat you beyond your looks at first glance . i consider myself as ( really ) below average in terms of appearance but i 'm lucky to be surrounded by friends who do n't bother judging my skin and accept me as me . yea the pretty privilege definitely hurts but hey , once you 're indifferent to how you view yourself it should n't matter
was this supposed to be a reply to that top comment ?
literally this is happening to me now . i 've been with my husband almost 10 years and he broke up with her 4 years before we met so this has me so perplexed . like why and why now ?
yeah where was your guilt four hours ago buddy
why ?
after weight loss . i would n't call it loving but they 're fine .
britney spears — if anything , she just started to enjoy her freedom from the conservatorship
the heck i do !
:heart_suit: :pleading_face: :heart_suit: :pleading_face:
paul mccartney
in my early twenties , now i have had two kids and working on loving them again
a good night sleep .
not buying a home , or at least a townhouse or a condo , sooner . by the time i was 26 or 27 i would 've been able to afford buying something like that . i own a home now , but all i can think about is how much money i 've wasted on rent .
hello shreyaskasar . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
more often than my partner :unamused_face:
hello , / u / ka14em , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed for seeking advice about a specific person or personal situation . r / askwomen is about receiving answers from the community about their own opinions and experiences rather than seeking input on specific personal situations . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
maybe overweight would be the right term ?
do n't care for them . do n't care to share them or take them . as someone mentioned earlier , so much effort for little reward . most people are untrustworthy about them . they 're horny and it does n't make sense they 'd ask a complete stranger ( or someone you know ) for them bc of attraction ( for whatever their reasons are ) and do it time and time again with whoever . it 's pointless and disgusting unless it is with a loyal and trustworthy person . you know what i mean ? people are so obsessed with nudity and sex . it just makes me not want to share myself bc i 'm not valued or appreciated , simply objectified .
tickling
removed for disrespectful commentary . if you have any questions please message the moderators through the link on the sidebar
lmfaoooooooooooooo “ be myself with ” :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing: :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing: :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing: thanks for the laugh , i love delusional people , keep at it ! ! praying you have many more years with him !
hello , / u / ambitious_stock , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as it contains or solicits graceless generalizations . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
never honestly
laundry . like how tf do i even own this many clothes ?
men
it was with my first boyfriend when i was 16 . just a peck on the lips . outside of our classroom haha . it was cute .
listen to children 's bedtime stories on spotify to fall asleep
how the people around you can affect your perception and growth .
pastels ( mostly pink and blue ) in spring ( sometimes winter w / shimmer ) burgundy , violet or black during winter and fall . grey , purple , orange , yellow and red for fall . neons and white during summer
why ?
arrange my plushies around me when i 'm working or sleeping alone so that i have some company . i also take a small plushie , either my little pink bunny or my little clownfish to work and they 're very popular with the people there xd
that i do n't know it all !
what would you class as “ fat ”
[ hier bitte ! ] ( HTTPURL )
martial arts
your submission has been removed because your title does not include a question mark . please ensure your title is properly formatted to be a descriptive , open-ended question . if you think you have received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for lacking a question mark " & message =) . thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i send them to my husband sometimes . it 's fun .
men would sleep with 70 % of girls they know , but are only interested to date 5 % .
sally fields or kathy bates cause both of them are outstanding actresses . loved sally fields in steel magnolias and kathy bates in pretty much everything she stars in .
the field test is the quintessential “ follow my finger / walk in a straight line with one foot in front of the other ” test the police give when you exit the car . i have inner ear problems and am prone to vertigo and anxiety so i did n't do well . the thing is that a . 008 % bac is kinda arbitrary to begin with , there 's no scientific evidence that once your bac is over . 008 % you 'll perform significantly worse on something than you would at . 005 or . 006 ( which is what i blew ) . i spoke to the public defender at first and was basically informed that if the police want to give you a dui and you admit to any drinking at all , they will . i had to go to a mandatory aa class after the incident and there was someone there who was charged with a dwi because she had a packed bowl of weed in the car which she has n't smoked , but the cops decided she was impaired , so she was .
ooshies .
hello , / u / ihatebuttonss , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as answers to common or recently asked questions can be found in the faq or through the search bar . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
fat people
jackie chan
feels like all the time , except when i 'm deeply focused at a task
all hatred of others based on sexual orientation or sexual preference
hello , / u / phd 1996 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed for seeking advice about a specific person or personal situation . r / askwomen is about receiving answers from the community about their own opinions and experiences rather than seeking input on specific personal situations . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
my mom was right about pretty much everything
idfaf what clothes men wear , as long as they keep the appropriate parts covered .
policymakers trading stocks affected by those policy decisions .
removed for containing gendered slurs . if you have any questions please message the moderators through the link on the sidebar .
lost the friends . friendship ended with my ex best friend when all i did was express how i felt in the relationship . it was very one sided and emotionally draining for me . she basically just deflected and did n't want to take accountability for hurting me . hurt a lot , not going to lie . we were friends for 7 years . a friend i knew for 3 years left me on read , when i all i did was ask him why he did n't reach out to me when i had covid . it hurt a lot when i was at my lowest and he was nowhere to be found . then comes to find out he shares a ig story how “ the people i use to speak highly of do n't sit at my table anymore . ” and he comments “ oh well you live and you learn . ”
adam sandler , he 's such a wholesome man and i love rewatching his movies just to see his handsome face and hear his funny jokes and laughs
hello , / u / jahfar 007 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as questions are required to be descriptive and open-ended . the title to your post must be a descriptive question . please do not answer your own question in the post title or description . yes / no questions where only one of the responses leads to an open-ended prompt are not open-ended . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
removed for seeking advice about a specific person or situation or for discussing yourself in the question or description . if you have any questions , please message the moderators through the link on the sidebar .
yes i do ! would be really nice of you
mod note : locked . thank you to those who participated within the rules please continue to report all rule breaking
removed for derailing . if you have any questions , please message the moderators through the mod mail link on the sidebar .
covid
removed for disrespectful commentary . if you have any questions please message the moderators through the link on the sidebar
i agree with the top comments so i 'll add one i have n't seen here yet : expectation to be beautiful . if you 're not seen as attractive you are expected to “ fix ” it with makeup or surgery . men are allowed to be “ unattractive ” more . for instance , if you see an attractive woman married to a not-so-attractive guy , it 's fairly normal . but if an attractive guy marries a less attractive woman ? “ he should leave her to find a prettier wife ! ” i feel like when employers higher us they do n't want to hire an ugly woman but an ugly man is fine ...
several times per day .
i 'm the exact opposite . i 'm quiet but with my friends joke a lot and i 've always envied people like you who work so hard for what you have . i 've been trying to accept myself but it 's quite difficult as i do n't like the person i 've become , and anytime i finally do , something happens .
troublesome
removed for derailing . if you have any questions , please message the moderators through the mod mail link on the sidebar .
the internet
having to be the one to carry the child
don't
simple , i cut all ties with him .
have n't met one yet
starting an ira in my early twenties but not maxing out my annual contribution each year . wish i could go back and do that all over again !
washing dishes . i hated that one single chore when i was a child and now it has become an important and most specifically the inescapable part of my routine .
you try one time , and if it does n't work , eff them . if there 's no respect in any way shaoe or form , i 'm outtie . do n't need to agree / disagree all the time . just keep on open-ear and listen .
oh good grief they did not . i 'm glad i 'm working from home thanks to nsw going to hell , otherwise i would hear about it relentlessly from some of the guys i work with . one in particular whom i am totally certain would go off the dial with his rantings . man the ear bashing i got from him over greta th ... ok i can not spell her surname , but her . further info , he genuinely believes trump had the election stolen out from under him and i 've heard all about it . it 's honestly a bit disappointing just how many men got angry over her refusing to " play the game " and simply doing what was required of her for having last won the award last year and turning up to the ceremony and no more . grace kicks ass .
i do n't like it and do n't participate in it . it just means i 'm not compatible with those people .
very uncomfortable and not attractive to me .
you forgot to add “ imo ” :)
it is a normal part of a relationship aka it is so funny to give your partner random boner when he is at public places .
6 hours of stardew valley video game while i really should be organizing my taxes .
misogyny
being a woman .
yes , while i was somehow really sexually abused by constant harassing on the streets , by teachers making remarks , by my overly sexualized father , i thought it was all done . insert clown here . well . seeing how guys are raised to be emotionally stunted and with no responsibility for others ( or theirself ) feelings did come even later .
literally eating like ugh i do n't care why do i have to do this literally everyday 3 times a day ugh
by wanting to get to know me and not just my genitalia .
i did it before to get validation , but often they got demanding , and neeveeer got off from those combos and it was too much effort just to be judge tbh . i 'm never doing that again
that everything will be okay . & #x200b ; when you 're a teenager you feel everything so strongly . getting your heart broken or losing a friend literally feels like the end of the world . it is n't and everything will work out in the end and make you stronger and more capable of handling the next thing .
talk to my pet and most of the stray dogs on the street near my house .
periods are the obvious answer . but doing the emotional heavy lifting in relationships has been the most notable thing for me . doing all of the planning , communication , and conflict management is very taxing .
maybe i have unpopular-opinion here but nudes are so fun . i broke up with someone and he said he 'd delete my pictures and i said , no keep them . where else are naked photos going to leak from when i 'm famous ? lol . i like my body i guess and it 's funny to me to make a guy speechless . in lingerie is fun and feels sexy . it 's just fun .
hello , / u / euphoric_ad 1702 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as questions are required to be descriptive and open-ended . the title to your post must be a descriptive question . please do not answer your own question in the post title or description . yes / no questions where only one of the responses leads to an open-ended prompt are not open-ended . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
i sell nudes , but i always keep in mind that when you put something online it stays forever . so i never put my face in my content and never even take a photo with my face ( in case of being hacked ) .
thank you for posting to / r / askwomen . in order to give all users an equal opportunity to have their questions answered , we restrict submissions to once a day ( 24 hours ) . please wait 24 hours before submitting a new post . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake or you are submitting again after a removal by the moderators , please * * [ click here ! ] ( HTTPURL . ) * * [ askwomen rules ] ( / r / askwomen / w / rules ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( / r / askwomen / w / index ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL ) - - - ^ ^ boop ! ^ ^ bleep ! ^ ^ i ^ ^ am ^ ^ a ^ ^ bot . ^ ^ concerns ? ^ ^ message ^ ^ [ / r / askwomen ] ( HTTPURL ) . ^ ^ previous ^ ^ post ( s ): ^ ^ [ sfi 90s ] ( HTTPURL ) ^ ^ | ^ ^ limit : ^ ^ 1 ^ ^ per ^ ^ 1d ^ ^ | ^ ^ next ^ ^ eligibility : ^ ^ 2022-01- 30 ^ ^ 13:35 ^ ^ utc
hello outrageousoutside 502 . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
you can't use a period cup with iuds ?
as a guy , sometimes after taking a leak , we think we 're done , we give it a quick shake to ensure a cleared line , fasten our pants , and then out of nowhere , some residual pee will drain out and soak our boxers and / or pants . it does n't happen all the time , but when it does , it 's extremely annoying and embarrassing , unless you 're lucky enough that it 's a small enough amount that it does n't show on the outside of the pants .
way more often when i 'm ovulating or on my period - a couple times a day sometimes . normally - depends , but definetely not every day .
cuddling my pillow
x10 damage , if by suicide .
my wife and i cook a lot together , hike , spend hours trying to find movies that we would both enjoy , discuss leftist ideas , parent , garden , friday night homemade pizza / dance party , one day we would like to socialize with others .
a couple of years ago , purdue university actually made feminine products free in women 's restrooms . [ HTTPURL ] ( HTTPURL )
me too . rejection sucks , and so does shitty sex . it 's easier just to not bother and focus on far more interesting things in life . it 's not like he gives a shit !
well at least i 'm good there if i ever need cpr ...
imo , i 'd seriously reconsider your relationship . this behavior is not ok and is a form of abuse . hugs from an internet stranger .
i can tell you from experience i will not realize it until much later or someone points it out . i will just think women are being cool and friendly and happily chat back and forth , not noticing what i stepped in , conversationally .
it 's never happened before . if it did , it would n't bother me .
me too ! the hormones just make it a million times worse :face_with_tears_of_joy:
i understand . and i agree there are other repercussions for getting like face tattoos and you 'd want to have a conversation but why am i wrong for wanting to do what i want to my body , especially since it 's within reason ?
let 's be best friends . so hard to find true , loyal friendships . especially when you 're in 50 ' s .
do these people actually sit down and plot a whole process about ruining someone 's day .
very sharp pain and it 's hard to stand or move . like the worst possible menstrual cramps . i remember going to the er and they told me it was too small to do anything and i 'd have to wait for it to pass on its own .
love it . in fact i also hit on other women . eventually got me a girlfriend cuz of it .
never because i never carry cash . my mom was robbed when i was younger by a homeless man when she was trying to give him cash . me and my brother was with her . however , i do offer to buy them food if we are near a restaurant .
racist / bigoted views . it amazes me when people say “ oh i can overlook that because i really * know * them ” when it comes to friends / romantic relationships . uhm , yeah , you know them to be a racist and you 're okay with that .
it was n't your fault and he went after you because you have a kind heart and a head on your shoulders . he went after you because he was jealous of the kind of person you are ; the kind of person he can never be . it was n't your fault . ( i 'm saying this for myself , too , and every other woman who has endured and survived abuse . )
my puppy has been sick and the vet can't figure out why . my last dog passed this time last year due to acute renal failure , so i 've been especially on edge about our new little guy .
they throw away my things while i 'm tdy is one thing . we can move to places he wants but somewhere i 'd like to move is out of the question .
how a taxi driver saved me in a car accident
strictly answering your question , that 's something that a licensed therapist would need to diagnose based on the individual and their circumstances . not something that the internet can tell you based on a quick judgement .
my childhood cat died on saturday and my mom told me on monday , so monday night i had a little cry and cuddled the cats i live with now .
modern family rocks !
hahahaha that 's hilarious :face_with_tears_of_joy:
big lack of self-confidence ... or a big dickwad of a so with major red flags ...
this morning . queer eye . i cry a lot
money aside ( it 's my money ) im looking more for why they would even require an adult ask for permission to do something to their own body . what would you do if your so told you you 're not allowed to do your nails or get your ears pierced or wear lipstick ?
i had what i called my mermaid bathing suit and loved it . i remember it so well , wore it every summer endlessly as a kid the rare times we went to the sea , or if we had a paddling pool out ... it was shimmery , fishscales and this pretty rainbow effect and i adored it so much ... that and a two piece silver sparkly crop top and flared trousers but that was a mistake
i do n't think permission is the right word , in my case , but i do n't like the look of tattoos something small okay but nothing crazy well my ex knew that but he went and got a huge tattoo anyways then was angry when i dumped him . i do n't think i have an issue i just i think something is unattractive . so i think major appearance changing things should be discussed with your so but i would never use the word permission cause all adults should be able to make their own choices .
my grandpa was in the hospital and i live halfway across the country from him . so i could n't and would n't be able to go visit him due to covid and such . then , my husband was really grouchy that same morning towards me ( due to work ) . and so i had a good long cry about it .
unfortunately , it is for many .
because they are controlling . are there other aspects in the relationship that they are this way ?
sad cry ? my work / boss causing me stress and me getting overwhelmed . happy cry ? that ridiculous clip trending yesterday from r / perfectlycutscreams of the dog coming out of the pond sounding like he 's about to barf / have an exorcism .
tats are costly as well so if their money is shared , that is another reason why a discussion would need to be had and another reason why a spouse may say no
realising that nobody 's around to catch these damn spiders anymore ( if anyone is up , plz help ! )
gilmore girls
an infant
i had a friend who did this , it took me years to figure it out . when we were n't talking as much , she 'd share about good memories or photos on social media and talk about how much she treasured our friendship . i did n't think much of it because i saw people do that all the time . she made me feel like i mattered in her life .
selfish - genuinely only talk about themselves or work bad hygiene - esp . hands / feet & his bathroom lol
everyone * thinks * you 're perfect together because they only see bits and pieces of your life . they are n't there when your spouse is being cold , because he wo n't treat you that way in front of them . people like him disguise themselves very well in order to keep up appearances . i was married to one . i can tell you that breaking out of the cycle and striking out on your own will put you back in yourself and you 'll heal and move on . you deserve so much better . love to you . took me 13 years to finally leave so i understand .
so i 'm trying to understand why someone would flat out say i need permission to get something done with my body .
they are nice people . i 'm proud of them . they both achieved what they wanted .
getting isolated due to covid
that i 'm capable , that i 'm going to be okay , that i 'll get better .
it also depends on the laws in your state . if you are in an at fault divorce state , dating while not legally divorced can count as adultery , even if you are separated and even if your ex-husband / ex-wife says they are okay with you dating . i did not have children when i got divorced , but i can also imagine that if there were any custody battle , if you were dating that could be used against you in court , regardless of whether or not you are in an at fault divorce state or not . i 'd suggest talking to your attorney about when you can start dating again or simply just wait for the divorce to be finalized .
i 'm not sure what you mean , could you rephrase your question ?
i 'd take on my current volunteer position teaching shelter kids full time . homeless teenagers become homeless adults . they basically get nothing from the system and i am saddened to hear i am often the only kind , non judgemental figure they talk to in a week . i am not foster parent material , but i can sure as shit teach language , math and arts with compassion and patience .
ramen , coffee , mint tea , chocolate
you mean governor pryce from rebels ?
how they 're a self-proclaimed feminist
i try to avoid small things building up . people tend to buy things for their apartments on a whim , buying things that are cute m rather than what fits the space and fits together . not to mention , they buy * too many things * . which ends up being clutter instead of decoration . it 's also easy to let actual clutter build up . you become blind to it * so easily * . generally keep things in drawers etc , and of course do n't have so much unnecessary stuff .
in my case , dh just does n't like tattoos in general . on the other hand , it 's my body , my choice . i 've been wanting a certain tat for years , not tacky or big , and i 'm waiting to meet a goal before i get it . he knows and is n't too thrilled but i 'll get it .
last week , i clocked out and was ready for my weekend to have some personal time . but my husband had been sick all week , and i was on parent duty on my own , as well as errands and housework . i was just over it all .
i do n't understand why the size anything to do with it . a tattoo is a tattoo .
reddit and i hate it
reading , coffee , sincere praise
ok she conquered nations and then “ freed the slaves ” but if you read the books and watch the show carefully she does n't do that much work to keep people from owning slaves . just because you make something illegal does it mean that people are n't still gonna do it . and then she abandons these conquered nations she caused all this chaos in which rely on her to protect former slaves to go cause mayhem on another continent just because she thinks she deserves to be the ruler . you might disagree with me but all i see from dany is a selfish warmonger who wants to take over the world .
also gonna throw in brienne of tarth . she was so cool and interesting and her last two scenes were being abandoned by jaime naked in a trench coat , and writing jaimes accomplishments in a book . are you kidding ? completely agree with dany and hinata as well .
that was my gut feeling but asked their opinion thinking they would provide constructive comments like how about a new flower or diff color .
your submission has been removed : removed for being indistinguishable from fap fodder . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
that 's very true !
count up to five and match the numbers with your senses . for example : - 1 . 1 thing i taste ( easiest one because you 'll taste what is at the top of your tongue ) - 2 . 2 things i feel ( your fingers , your clothes ... ) - 3 . 3 things i see and up to 5 . it 's a trick my boyfriend taught me and it actually works for me ! hopefully it helps you too .
tea , phone , ibuprofen , cheese
your comment has been removed : disrespectful or hateful commentary is not permitted . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
what you described there is a partnership , which is how the situation was broached . his opinion was asked and the response was “ you do n't need another tattoo , so no you can't get one . ” ergo the question because it does n't seem right to outright say no .
my favorite musician is finally touring the us and had to cancel his entire north american leg due to covid . this might have been my only chance to see him :broken_heart: look up asaf avidan he 's amazing
your submission has been removed : this sort of question is not what this subreddit is for . try using r / findareddit for a more appropriate place to ask it . moderators reserve the right to remove posts that are not in the best interest of the community . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
i was 5 . i had this green t-shirt with a turtle patch that came with this matching green , plaid skirt with some more turtle patches . a year later , i was told it did n't fit anymore and i could no longer wear it :(
it depends . if it 's a small private tattoo then yep your decision . but if my so went and got a very visible tattoo that i could n't stand then it would impact my view of them and i 'd be annoyed they did n't discuss it with me first . that 's not “ permission ” but it is courtesy to your partner
your submission has been removed : we do not allow questions that needlessly exclude minority demographics . please use [ inclusive phrasing ] ( HTTPURL ) . limiting responses to majority demographics is not permitted . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
it 's your body and your choice . a partner who wants to control what you do with your own body ( when it 's a safe / harmless decision ) tends to be a red flag .
just raw-doggin life
your submission has been removed : this sort of question is not what this subreddit is for . try using r / findareddit for a more appropriate place to ask it . moderators reserve the right to remove posts that are not in the best interest of the community . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
any sport we can both participate in together .
when i 'm alone ...
learning new anything !
a good trick is to force yourself to notice things about your surroundings and say them out loud : " the ceiling has a crack in it " , " the napkins on the table are red " , " the window has four panes of glass " . keep doing that while breathing in through your nose and out through your mouth . it helps to kick your brain into a different gear .
gaspar noe love
about 10 minutes ago . my boss being a lying , shouty , miserable , old micromanager .
well it depends , if its ur husband .. at least taking their opinion on it is courteous because they will be starting at that tattoo for the rest of their lives ..
i did . i had no idea what was happening . at first it started off as a really bad period cramp - like someone was squeezing my ovaries . then it was pain like i 've never felt . i could n't even stand up straight . i was just rolling around in my bed just crying with a hot pad stuck to my pelvis . i made it to the emergency room where i was involuntarily crying from the pain . worst thing i 've ever felt
seinfeld
aveeno or eucerin for the hands , neutrogena for the face . they 're gentle , and do n't itch . any other product is irritating .
yesterday because of my dear old friend , pms . gotta love crying over almost nothing !
odly enough i am crying now . just saw a video of a mom and daughter . the mom had dementia and hasnt rememberd her daughters name in a few years . she remembered and told her she loves her . my mom also has dementia , so seeing this made me think of what is to come .
this week . i 've been coming to terms with the guy i 've been seeing the past four months is n't going to work out . he 's the right guy but at the wrong time in his life . he 's too busy and the whole relationship has been coasting for two months and i feel like more of a burden on him than someone he likes . i just do n't want to end things because i could see it working and i want it to work , but the fantasy is n't the reality unfortunately .
frankie from the 4th season of skins . she was such a strange but endearing character and i was interested to see what they 'd do with her . only to give her a completely new personality and blaming it all on how she never really knew her mother . such a wasted opportunity .
• square breathe as soon as i feel like a panic attack might be coming • mental body scans to ground myself as well as practicing mindfulness • butterfly hugs • drink some tea , typically hawthorn , chamomile or lavender as they help me the most when i 'm experiencing anxiety , stress and heart palpitations • take some of my lorazepam if it 's a severe panic attack • remind myself that it will pass , show kindness and compassion to myself • meditation and cognitive behavioural therapy
pam from * true blood * . in the sookie stackhouse novels she was n't a b-tch .
my mom made me a rainbow brite costume when i was in kindergarten . circa 1985 . it was amazing
i have combo skin so some of my skin is dry and some is oily , but the parts of it that are dry are * really * dry . i have some pricier moisturizers i 've tried and loved , but i 'm also just a fan of plain old ponds moisturizing cream that you can get at walmart or any drug store . it 's pretty cheap and comes with quite a lot ( i 'm still working on the container i bought a year and a half ago ) and it has n't irritated or broken me out yet . i bought the kind labeled for use on your face but i like that i can use it on the rest of my body as well . this stuff is a godsend for me in the winter because my hands get extremely dry and cracked and it keeps them in much better shape . i also like that it does n't leave me feeling oily or slimy which is a big thing i look for in any moisturizing product .
yup . i think of it as my conscience tax
controversial opinion perhaps - i do n't think anyone is truely " evil " . but perhaps what you are asking about is that people are very " self serving " and self focussed combined with an enjoyment of creating pain for others .
[ ymca tiktok ] ( HTTPURL )
new girl !
not a movie , but my favorite portrayal of marriage is catastrophe . hilarious , also very accurate and loving
for real !
i know they did they r best but mom is narcusstuc abs dad has mental health issues ( argumentative and never bee . diagnosed but certainly he 's not all there ) . they stayed together “ for the kids ” , growing up in constant physical altercations and yelling was abusive in itself . i 'm glad i have a sibling to confide in and acknowledge what went on . i feel badly when i see ppl commenting in their positive relationships with parents and missing those who passed . i wish i had parents who i respected and could confide in . i have tried to be a better parent for my own kids . key is communication and listening to your kids .
does today , yesterday and the day before yesterday count ? started a new job in an area i 'm not familiar with to learn ( also my first real adult job ) . now the colleague i 'm working close with gets mad everyday that my knowledge is not like his with 20 years of experience and also does n't want to go over stuff with me . luckily we never have our camera on in the meeting so i can silently cry ..
last night , i burnt my bagel . turned into human puddle . awful times . do not recommend .
just started modern family
the time an african-american kid called me the n word . ( i am white . ) i walked around with a question mark over my head for the rest of the day .
this tiktok of a teen at the dentist crying and upset because she could n't remember the last time she did the ymca
when my oldest daughter ( now late 30s ) was about 5 , during a parent teacher consultation , her ( female ) teacher started off by saying that it really did n't matter how ' sarah ' was doing at school , because she was so pretty that she 'd always have a man to look after her when she was older . i took her out of that school the same day .
god does n't serve you , we serve god .
i had an amazing supervisor and i stay on top of updated techniques and resources , so i feel very confident in my abilities . in the beginning , i did n't respond well to criticism but i realized how much it was limiting me and my clients , so i told myself that bettering myself , betters the experience for my clients .
i literally have a note on my phone with a list of bills and which paycheck i pay them with . have n't paid a late fee in six months , and all i do is check the note on payday and go in and pay those bills
i guess my biggest question would be regarding the public . i 've taught kids before so i know how to handle them in a school setting but adults are another story . i loathe conflict but it 's easier to deal with with a child .
it 's my main despair :expressionless_face:
take control of and steer the conversation . if you 're in a business meeting , be in control of it . it will save you time and energy , and will lead to more productive communication . it also makes a statement about how you operate .
laser-pointering your glasses ? the karma train is going to hit that guy .
this is so sweet to hear . i 'm always worried i 'm not going to be a fun mom , but this perspective makes me so excited for motherhood .
i like how you think
coloring , singing , videogames . most effectively , dancing !
just needed a sign and this may be it !
it 's fun for the whole family
go look at the bills due on the fridge
it makes me question my existence everyday and if i 'm even biologically an adult . ironically , my parents both sheltered me and abused me so it really warped my perception of the world because they shielded me from the things they were doing to me from the outside world . so they could hurt me , but gods forbid if an outsider did . also , they prepared me for their world ( upper class ) but not for the regular world . so when their parental rights were terminated , i had no idea what the world was until i entered foster care .
waow thank you so much for the great recommendations ! never shopped at mango before and i really like the style of their things , and they even have a catagory for office ! :d haha funny you mention føtex , i worked there before and their sara pants are my go-to pants at my current work :face_with_tears_of_joy:
embroidery . depending on the project , it can cost up to 10 usd for the materials . cloth material is easy to find , i just go to thrift shops . embroidery floss is cheap and so are the needles .
video games and streaming computer was around 4.2 k in total for everything including hd webcam and microphone setups i have a switch , ps5 , xbox s all with a pretty big library of games that totals around another 3k or so i have a bunch of old retro systems hooked up to a modified crt tv for that retro feel , dreamcast , nes , snes , genesis , n64 , gamecube ps1 , ps2 , original xbox , and a lot of others which over the years set me back around 5-6 k usd , a lot of it i had to have shipped overseas to where i 'm staying now , and that cost an arm and a leg i love video games , but it can be very expensive to get into my second hobby is cosplaying , custom made outfits and fitted wigs can cost a few thousand , props are a huuuge one , i have a buncha prop weapons from different animes , most expensive one i own is a signed replica of the gun alucard uses in hellsing , was around 6500 $ when i got it .
i save everything to my google drive now . but yes , i learned the hard way , too . i used to leave all of my great projects and document processes with the companies i worked for and had to recreate every time . no more !
i 'm a federal bureaucrat who makes legal decisions for my agency , and it 's a goddamn nightmare , especially now with the vaccine ets drama .
mine is already dead .
it 's annoying to be treated like a kid even as an adult . my mom still treats me like a child
i can see the pros and cons ... its a way to not have to worry about privacy when you need it . but its also not wise financially . i mean ... if you can manage , go for it , but theres a lot of ways that it could go wrong . if it works it works ig
i work front desk at an urgent care . i put in insurance , collect co-pays , update addresses and phone numbers , and upload hippa forms . that 's pretty much it . everyday is different because the pace is determined just by how many people walk in that day , and tbh we do get busier with covid surges , but it 's nothing i get overwhelmed with . i work 12 hour days , 3 days a week with 4 days off . pay is pretty nice for someone with little responsibility . it 's not my forever job , but it works out for now .
sounds awesome . what 's your job there ? and if i may ask .. what 's the best way to get in a animation studio ?
you would n't post pictures of your feet , for a million dollars , if you knew several sweaty guys will aggressively lb their meat to it ?
video games , about $ 30 a month .
" i 'm always cleaning and nothing is clean " lmao same
reading : mostly free since i use the library and only buy a handful of books throughout the year knitting : also mostly free since i have a crazy stash that i 've been working through . when i do buy yarn , i go for inexpensive stuff that 's mostly soft acrylic since i do n't want to handwash anything . i think i dropped about $ 60 on yarn last year total .
i 'm a mathematician creating online gambling games . most features have a template already , i spread my hours in a week just to appear to go in every day . we work from home and have no login logout hours so company culture definitely helps . i 'm only busy 5 days a week , otherwise i do chores / errands on work hours .
going in the woods / mountain area near my hometown and basically living there in the wild without telling anyone and out of the blue , and letting my job and my day to day life worries behind me . then accidentally dying there .
this is my defense mechanism from an abusive childhood so that 's why it comes so easy to me . however , i think building your confidence and practicing emotional intelligence can help you too . that also means allowing yourself to be upset when is appropriate so that you do n't always get caught off guard in times when expressing yourself is n't appropriate .
i would say animal care is my hobby , i have a large fish tank and it costs me a lot lol . i love buying new plants , new equipment , decor , substrate , food , treats , and new fish ! ! i 've probably spent an average of $ 300 - $ 400 on my fish tank and i do n't plan on stopping anytime soon i love it ! it 's relaxing for me to decorate and care for them as well as watch them thrive
have you told him you 'd rather be alone ? it 's your bday , you should get to decide what you want to do .
libido . i 've never had the urge to have sex . i have to be aroused by somebody . idk how people can just get horny out of no where .
“ i do n't usually get along with women . ”
hello moist_lobster _2372 . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
find a different job ! ! i 'm in a different field , but i used to work for a place with the same attitude . my new gig is way way better . still do n't want to go overboard but higher ups care about doing it right and not overworking their employees . it 's so much better and i can't believe i put up with the bs for so long .
1 . never feeling independent from them 2 . keeping things secret when i know they wo n't like it 3 . anxiety and fear when going out 4 . too scared to speak up because i always got pushed aside / ignored when the ' adults ' were talking 5 . got left out from friend hangouts because my parents never let me go and so we gradually lost touch 6 . feeling like the work i do is just so-so and normal ? even when i do a great job at work , t i should n't need any positive reinforcement since it what i should be doing ... this stems from when i was in school and would do pretty well but was always told to do better somehow when i was trying my best already all this and my parents keep bragging to me about how they are great parents and how i turned out amazing thanks to them ... like yes you did help a lot but not everything turned out for the better - i just hide it from you .
money , cars , relationship , family .
before my relationship , it was mostly settling , not finding someone who really got me . i was scared i 'd keep going on dates with people just far below my standards . but then i met my current boyfriend , who not only meets those , but surpasses them .
oh girl , same . bullet dodged for sure
my fwb is kinda cocky and has that typical masculine macho / bravado fuckboy attitude that would annoy me in most cases , but i just find it hot on him .
it 's very tiresome , indeed . you could n't pay me enough to work retail again where i had to pretend to be nice and submissive . the difference with my job now is that i 'm not dealing with clients or customers anymore so my co-workers at some point figure out not to fuck with me . customers never do .
lol ofcourse you may say ! i actually think he was / is a sociopath so funny you 'd mention it haha . thank you for your sweet words honey ! lots of love ♡
go on a cruise . i would feel trapped , they always look overcrowded and there are just so many things that could go wrong ,
have kids .
my ex 's parents were crazy coffee drinkers , two pots a day between the two of them , they essentially could n't function without it . i used to get free coffee every week from my job and would give it to them , as we were living there rent free and it was the least i could do . this went on for months . well , one day they decided to scream ( knowing i was home and could hear them ) about how i was a useless , lazy piece of shit because i was taking a nap .. ( i worked more hours than anyone else in the house , for the record . they just did n't understand my sleep schedule ) anyways . i started supplying them with decaf coffee instead . them griping and groaning about how tired they were and “ my coffee this morning did nothing ! ” was immensely satisfying ..
i work in land surveying which is kinda half trade , half profession . the vast majority of people are not a problem at all . there 's some ignorance and assumption making , but it 's rare for it to be malicious . i do n't mind a little " can i help you carry that " type stuff . the worst i get on a regular basis is assuming i 'll help plan social events . it 's easy enough to shut down and once people know me better is n't an issue . occasionally there 's someone who treats me like i do n't know what i 'm doing , but honestly usually those people are dicks to a lot of people and not just women . i know i 'm a little biased to not take stuff personally . but generally most people are normal nice and the assholes are assholes to everyone .
aww ! thank you so much ! :purple_heart:
i get this it always takes me while to feel comfortable with this but after about a month i 'm fine
my boyfriend saw my clothes for work tomorrow sitting on the floor in the closet and he hung the whole outfit up on hangers and sprayed them with wrinkle release . it 's not that wholesome but he was just so concerned and it was just the cutest thing and it melted my heart .
relive middle school ( especially 7th grade ) , or junior year of high school . fuck that shit
i do n't really see myself cry and read out emotional vows in front of all my and his family and friends combined ...
> my friends i 'm hoping you mean your parents , lol ! > effects affects
if it is comfortable and cute , i will buy it . why would gender matter is beyond me .
i am confident in my ability to do my job , however i think there are a few people who view me as incompetent and / or an imposter . it is very frustrating and , at times , demoralizing and definitely eats away at my self-esteem . but at the end of the day , i 'm the one people come to for answers about my area of expertise .
my parents divorced years ago . i have no problem with divorce , especially if it means your children being happy and understanding it is ok to leave an unhappy relationship .
i 'm an admin assistant . when i 'm not at work i do n't worry about it , which is great . my job is to be there and help out as needed ; refilling snacks , printing materials for meetings , managing calendars , ordering supplies for the stores , screening applicants , etc .
the idea that you must love and respect everyone because they are your family . fuck that . both are earned , not given for granted .
like ... i can't think of something i would n't do for 100 billion dollars . i 'm being honest . feel free to suggest scenarios . but i really can not think of anything i would n't do for 100 billion dollars . oh wait . i would n't kill everyone on earth , or explode the planet earth . i would n't do that for money .
i just started back volunteering as a museum docent on weekends and it 's great . sometimes i 'm just needed to man the desk and i can just read ( usually historical stuff from the archives ) or crochet all afternoon . sometimes i lead tours and get to meet mostly people who are just super interested in the same stuff as me . either way i get to see the same people each week and they 've become my friends . and we get regular guests who are always sweet to see over and over again .
this . i do n't necessarily want to get married anyway , but will if my partner really wants to ( i think he will ) . but i can not with the idea of a wedding . i hate being the center of attention already , and it all seems * so * embarrassing to me .
thank you for this reply !
get a clit piercing . i seen a video of it , not for me .
plumbing and electrical
that 's why i recommend showering first :face_with_tears_of_joy: . the waking up part is fair , i guess i 'm lucky to have the opposite effect , it wakes me up but 10 or 20 minutes after i 'm done it makes me want to sleep .
i work at a small but very popular bakery / cafe
not living paycheck to paycheck
my very first job i was a senior in high school . the only reason i was allowed to work was because it was part of a work / study program and i needed the credit to pass . i was a clerk at an office within the board of education in town . i was given assignments . did the work . but did not know how to speak to adults . when my supervisor gave my assessment she called me , “ standoffish , ” “ lacking ambition , ” “ does n't take initiative , ” the truth was , i was terrified and had extreme anxiety . i loathed going to work .
sure is ... which is why i make it a point sometimes to go the beach for a sunrise or the everglades for a sunset .
personally , i think it 's a formality that still has value . it 's not " would you mind hanging over ownership of your daughter to me ? , " it 's " i 'd like to ask your daughter to commit her life to me . how do you feel about that ? do you have any advice for me ? " my dad passed away and i told my boyfriends that i wanted them to talk to my mom and my closest brother before asking me . he did and they both told him things about my heart and my mind that they 've learned over the years to help him love and care for me better . they were beautiful conversations , from what i 've heard . my husband proposed to me and the first person we told was my dad , at his grave . my new fiance made a little speech about why he loves me and promised to take care of me and told my dad he really hopes he approves and that he 'll help us as much as he can from where he is . it was really special to me . after that , we went and told my mom , then his parents , and partied a bit . i spoke to his parents a few days after we got engaged and asked for the same sorts of insights and their approval . anyway , in short , i think it 's about perspective . if you genuinely take the phrase only at face value , it does n't sound right or fair . but there 's value and beauty in having a conversation with your so 's parents 1:1 about how much you love their child and intend to take care of them . starting an emotional 1:1 relationship with the parents of the person you love is the goal , to me , i guess . they 're your family now .
how to drink red wine without getting joker smile lines
i feel pretty competent . fortunately my superiors provide me with regular feedback which has consistently been positive . i regularly get asked to handle sensitive tasks and or to help with my coworkers ' job performance by providing shadowing sessions . my work also gets used as a positive example for onboarding training . still , i have my weaknesses and lots to improve on . when watching my coworkers doing their work , i am humbled by how easily they handle situations i struggle with . it does n't make me feel bad though , i actually think that it 's such a great learning opportunity and will try to adopt whatever they are doing to cover my weaknesses . it really helps that my workplace has a great " learning together " mentality and that my superiors are not perfect either .
i cried .
i dont trust nobody .
every day when i come home , my son makes it a point to hug me and ask about my day . he is such a wonderful person .
public and free book shelves .
same ! i 've got two tattoos ; back of one shoulder , and one on my lower back ( to one side ) . my mother was against one of them ... the one that specifically is an awareness ribbon of the * nine years * of chemotherapy i went through . my thinking has been this : if i survived almost a decade of chemo , should n't * i * get to decide how i choose to commemorate that particular adversity ? these days , i 've started learning to care less and less of what she thinks . i 'm totally financially self-sufficient . why should i care what she thinks or says ? she has no right to try and influence my decisions .
socializing , going out with friends to events and parties - i just get so tired and am comfy being at home most of the time idk how they find the energy to do that stuff . also makeup ! people 's makeup game is just so good but i feel like when i do it , it does n't change much .
when i can't sleep there is n't a single thing that can make me sleep . not even medication . the best advice i got was from a former therapist who said , " just because you can't sleep does n't mean you have to be miserable . get up and do something fun like watch tv or read . just take the pressure off . "
i 'd get bored and get abusive in no time , i realize that sounds awful , but i love being pinned down and annoying the dude achieves that , so big no from me . but each to their own and as the comments here states , there 's definitely women who gets a kick out of this also .
thank you ! :sparkling_heart:
us part-time librarian here . the librarians in my branch still host online programs ( such as knitting , ancestry , reading to toddlers , arts and crafts , etc ) during the pandemic because we are not allowed to have any in-person programs . the general public is usually easy to deal with , keeping the job stress-free for everyone involved . from what i 've observed over 7 years , it 's a great and easy job . i 'll try to answer any questions you may have .
i wish i could ! i have major texture issues and falling asleep if i 'm sweaty is just not going to happen . also exercise at night would wake me right back up .
right ! ? it 's so annoying !
that i 'm hard to love
people not wearing their masks correctly in airports and on planes . gate agents and flight attendants did not sign up to be the mask police , having to remind grown a * * adults to cover their nose and mouth .
> assume that i 'm either the safety rep ugh what is it with always assuming women will be the safety rep . i do not want to plan your social events , be expected to bring the snacks , or be the fing safety compliance person .
receiving phone calls and leaving voicemails that are n't for personal reasons .
biting nails
you do n't need a degree , that i know of , though it 's probably helpful to have one . if you have customer service experience it 's beneficial , or any kind of data management . just look into openings with health insurance companies in your area . usually the department is called credentialing , sometimes it 's called enrollment or provider services , though provider services is usually as a phone rep .
relatable . i told my family when i started dating in a group chat then hid .
i would prefer to spend it alone . hubby always makes plans for me that i have no interest in .
this sounds a little silly , but when i was starting out professionally and needed to speak in front of others from a place of leadership ... i 'd honestly pep talk myself in the car , out loud ! like " ok ! you got this ! it 's just a few minutes - no big deal ! you know this stuff . get in there and get it done ! " stuff like that . that was a little coping mechanism i developed when facing serious life hardships and it was so helpful that i started to use it for other anxiety-inducing experiences . i think saying the words , and being able to hear them out loud helped two-fold . and from there , with time and experience , i developed increased confidence . i call it my ' work persona ' . i 've had people deny my assertion that i am introverted . i 'm so chatty and cheerful ! i 'll lead a group session , always stepping up and taking charge . confidence ! sure ! and then the moment i walk out of there , i shut them out , turn it down , pull the curtains , and relish being alone for days , lol .
you are right
it left me with a generally healthy but occasionally excessive level of caution . it also left me with a lot more of the world to explore as i 've gotten older .
honestly , being a mom in general has helped me heal my inner child a lot . we do a lot of activities i never really did as a child . like going to playgrounds , indoor playgrounds .
this ! ! plus , working a job where your income depends on how well you schmooze people will force you to get good at it in a hurry . i was always a wallflower / shy girl growing uo ( though i loved performances like acting and dancing ) and had to learn to small talk people when i took a job as a cocktail waitress in a bar . 90 % of it is smiling and listening though , so just seem enthusiastic and you will be fine !
me toooooo . i recently gave up my ridiculously large backpack and bought a fancy work bag to take my laptop to work in . before that , i was just an adult who looked like a 10 year old heading off to school . it does n't help that i do n't wear makeup or stilettos and my body shape does n't allow straight skirts without looking like the michelin tyre man
did you the favor of not having to do that task
girl cockblocked me when i came home with her roommate on valentines day , the same night she hooked up and started dating our mutual crush , nbd her roommate and i had chemistry with before and he was newly single . i was hesitant to go back to their place because of her anyways and she just came and sat on his bed and chatted with us for ages until i could n't handle it and left , he walked me back to my other friends place like 45 min walk in the middle of the night .
haha no problem lol
i 've done it . but you gotta be 100 % sure there 's no hair in your drain or it might not go away as fast as you want it to ...
i mean do any of us really know if a relationship is going to last forever ? we can certainly hope it does but there is no absolute . so for me i just try to have fun with someone i like being around and if that develops into a lasting relationship then great and if does n't as long as its not toxic as hell and the time spent together was fun then so be it 🤷‍♀
> judge their career progress / personality / financial status / taste in music against their age , judge their dress sense against their age , judge their skin and appearance against their real age . sometimes the person doing the judging is the very person being asked . some people are insecure and will get offended no matter how you ask .
that i can be quite talkative once you get to know me , but i 'm very shy and find it difficult to actually start talking .
i can also see this question being asked in the workplace and contributing to ageism . i think regardless of gender asking someone you 're not close to their age is generally a bad policy . its very much used to judge and discriminate . i do look young for my age and it bugs me when i do reveal my age that i 'm almost always treated different . people will put you in the " olds " category without thinking about it . instead i just bring up cultural touchstones to see if someone is around my age , like the tv shows and movies that were out when i was a kid . so if im curious about someone being a potential friend i just bring up references and make conversation and see if they get it . i dont ever ask their age and if that comes up naturally later , then that 's fine , i think its best to let everyone volunteer private personal info , not ever have it be demanded of them .
every time i drop anything i get scared . for a while , i used to get scared and jump whenever anyone showed up without warning , you know when you 're not looking . but i 've been trying to get it under control for some time now . lol i just realised all this is irrelevant since i 'm not pregnant .
i do n't think it should be considered rude . it implies that being older in age is to be scoffed at or looked down on . literally everyone ages . " how old are you " seems like a question that is less and less likely to be considered rude by the younger generations imo
i have the creatista plus i believe . it 's expensive . i got it as a gift but it definitely would have paid for itself . i used to have one of the basic nespresso branded models too though and it also makes great espresso shots . i have only used the original line not the vertuo because the storage space for the larger pods is n't my thing .
as a kid i told my hyves ( dutch myspace ) password to my best friend because we shared everything and i trusted her , she told her boyfriend ( who i had a giant crush on btw ) who then " hacked " my account .
it 's all pipes what 's the difference
drink and smoke publicly
it 's not a “ waste ” considering i basically need it to live but healthcare . i have multiple chronic illnesses that require constant appointments / care , and all of the copays really drain my wallet . if only the u . s . had universal healthcare or i 'd even take just a slightly better healthcare system , anything would be better .
was at a huuuuge college party in anaheim and someone had pulled a gun at some point , another person started running screaming " go go go he 's got a gun ! " and the entire house flooded out the front door , we heard one loud bang ! and all hell broke loose , people ran in bunch of different directions , it was so freaking scary i remember trying to get out the front door but people were n't moving fast enough later on someone said on facebook it was n't a real gun and the " bang " we heard was n't a gun at all , but at the time it was the scariest shit ever did n't go to parties for a bit after that , still think about it every other day or so .
walk shirtless
that it 's stupid and rooted in the patriarchal view that older women have less value .
fwb
depends a lot on the situation , who they are , and how aggressive they are . my default is to fall back on my martial arts and preschool teacher backgrounds . had a 70 year old man try to smack my ass in a bar once — grabbed his hand in an automatic wrist lock and loudly and clearly said , “ no . no thank you . not okay . no thank you . ” as if i was talking to a dog or child , lol . he got kicked out for that , lol .
even on days off when i 'm just cleaning my house and not going anywhere , i 'll take the time to wash my face , make my hair look nice , throw on some earrings and a necklace . i 'm also a makeup person and i do n't care if i 'm not seeing anyone , i do it for me every day . do things that make you feel good for yourself ! wear house cleaning / lounging clothes that fit . yeah you do n't wanna wear anything nice when you 're cleaning the bathroom but everything looks and feels better when it fits . drink lots of water . eat fruits and vegetables . move around . keep your nails clean , your face and neck moisturized , use lotion on your whole body when you have the time . buy and wear things you like that make you feel good , and do n't save them just for special occasions . invest in yourself in whatever ways are meaningful to you .
i would go out at night and enjoy the silence of it .
she def was n't a friend lol . self centered is n't the term i would use . the type of childish behaviors she exhibits could easily extend into the realm of clinical pathology and antisocial personality disorder . we call people assholes but i wonder how much of that is just a crude layman 's diagnosis of a personality disorder such as narcissism or sociopathy .
her reason was they have grandparents from the same country so " they had a connection " :upside-down_face:
same .
i hope you sleep with one eye open stella :eye: :minus:
i 'm getting overcharged for weed :/
hello , / u / asocial 7193 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as answers to common or recently asked questions can be found in the faq or through the search bar . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
what about it ?
would have . but your friend had put it in his mind that you were a potential clinger and stalker . he 's not going to text you to confirm because he already thought you were cray cray and thus unreliable . at that point he had only had two dates with you so he would n't have any way of knowing for sure . a guy like him has tons of options so he was probably just playing it safe by cutting and running .
sing . i 've been thinking about taking lessons for a while but i feel like i 'm too old to train my voice now ( i 'm 23 ) ..
does n't work for me . one time , i wore my bitch face all night cuz i was in the company of men . one guy told me that he developed a crush on me because i look like a major bitch . like , what ? so yeah , does n't work sometimes .
yes . because i also know that loneliness can last forever .
in 5th grade i had started my period in the bathroom and i had told my friend and then she goes and tells the whole class
picked up after himself . done with a soda can ? throw it away . emptied a box of crackers ? do n't leave it in the pantry . the little senseless messes here and there frustrate me at times .
a similar thing happened to me , but i was the other woman . it was horrible . he was an awful person , but i was really young and naive ( 16/17 ) and he was older ( 19/20 ) . we were “ together ” for about eight months before i found out , and he spent the next three months gaslighting me into thinking that he and his gf were barely dating , and she had another bf too and they were together for show , so i should n't even be worried because she was n't even in the picture . foolishly , i believed him for those few months ... then a mutual friend came to me and showed me messages he sent her while he was drunk saying that he felt guilty because he was “ in love with two people ” and “ did n't know who to choose ” . he and his gf ended up breaking up soon after that , so i guess he “ chose ” me ... too late . if he was willing to cheat on his gf , i figured he 'd be willing to do the same to me . i guess i just hope these other women y'all are talking about realize that too . they 're with lying , cheating assholes . those women might actually be assholes as well , but i would genuinely feel bad if they 're staying because they do n't know the truth or are being gaslit . :(
kids :face_with_tears_of_joy:
messaged someone i liked pretending to be me
projecting your own insecurities on to others type of thing or having to talk others down to feel good about oneself . a bit of both maybe .
by my hunger and irritability . i 'm like a clock , but can usually tell time is near when my appetite seems unmanageable , especially for junk food , and little things get under my skin
tasks that need doing ( trash , dishes , litterbox , etc ) and just do them , without me having to ask or point them out .
take a long hot bath with candles all around me . i usually bring in a book , but half the time , i do n't read it . i 'll also try to think and talk like it would be my therapist , and i talk it out by myself ( i 'll usually end up sending my therapist a message about it afterwards ) . if that does n't work , i 'll just shut myself away from everyone and cry / just feel the feelings i 'm having . i try to remind myself that i 'm human and that it 's okay for me to have feelings .
i 'm am 100 % done with that . read on ... i 'd rather be asked my age than assumed upon . i 've always looked much younger than i am , and have been treated like i knew nothing when in fact i was the subject matter expert in the situation . consequently , i show a lot more respect to younger people than the generations before me showed us . " you have to respect me because i 'm your elder ! " yeah ? and you 're a jerk , so no . if you do n't show respect , you do n't get respect . i 'm also a millennial :registered: , and fully expect the economy to collapse and social security to go broke by the time i reach retirement , even though i 've been paying into it my whole life - robbery if you ask me , but i digress . as such i do n't expect to actually retire & stop working , and therefore am living every day as my retirement . i stopped giving up my seats to the older veterans at the va ( shocked pikachu ! ) , because my body is broken too , i 'm a disabled veteran too , these are my retirement years too , we will be buried in the same cemetery away from our families yet again and forever , so we 're equals . i 'm conspicuously younger than them , and i 'm so done with judgement . their generation screwed my generation out of our golden years , so i 'm going gold with what i have left . my " big " dream is to own a small personal farm ~ 10-20 acres of aerable land with a fresh creek , and have something * real * to leave my family . if i do n't succeed with the farm , i 'll wind up in a va nursing home , separated from my family until i die alone and get buried alone . i 'm 38 and i have no pleasant future to look forward to . i 'm just trying to leave things better than they were given to me .
time and reality are going to mess with that strategy . for every twenty something acting smug about their age , as if age is an accomplishment rather than just simple math based on when you arrived on the planet , is a 10 year old who 'll be giving them shit in about ten years . it 's all so ridiculous . i refuse to apologize for not dying young despite a couple close calls .
all the subscriptions - netflix , hbo , amazon , audible etc .
the moment they wheeled my bed to the operating room and said : you are our patient . if we have to choose between saving you and saving the baby we save you .
i use the app clue
oh i believe a lot of people do ask to be polite but i do n't think politeness is really where it stems from . i wo n't get angry if someone asks .
your comment has been removed : [ derailing ] ( HTTPURL ) of the topic is not permitted . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + comment \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
when i became messed up too
i 've never thought it was rude but i always get offended in a joking way since it 's for some reason commonly found as rude
i agree . i think the only situation where it would be relevant is a dating one . it would be pretty weird to get offended if someone asked your age on a date .
your submission has been removed : questions asking about your own situation can be asked in / r / askwomenadvice ; questions asking about your relationships can be asked in / r / relationships , and r / findareddit can help in other cases . please read the respective rules before posting . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + submission \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
cosmetics , books , office material
your submission has been removed : we do not allow questions that needlessly exclude minority demographics . please use [ inclusive phrasing ] ( HTTPURL ) . limiting responses to majority demographics is not permitted . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + submission \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
she was too scared to go for a walk by herself and made me follow at night promising she would come back with me . we ran i to a guy she had a crush on and she and him decided to go back to his house and i had to walk home alone and that was the night my stalker discovered where i live . we had a falling out for many years after that but we are now friends again ... both navigating our traumas and mental health issues together . she is a different person now and so am i . i 'm also not scared of my stalker anymore i feel like i could fight him if i ever see him again since he must geriatric now . that would be some amazing healing come to think of it lol
i lived in france not long ago . but i was born in new zealand , it 's the most expensive housing in the world . we have some of the lowest wages in the oecd too . france is so much cheaper / better than nz sadly . we came up with the idea of state housing . but it 's all gone now . the average house in nz is now a million dollars . and i think you 'd be shocked what quality of housing we have . it 's almost 3rd world . black mould everywhere .
a new covid variant :face_with_tears_of_joy: jk
i have both and do n't have a preference as they each have their benefits . glasses are easier and do n't dry my eyes out at the end of the day . contacts do n't steam up when wearing a facemask and i can do more with my hair and makeup when i 'm wearing them .
crushed on this guy for a year , i decide to tell my friend a week before my birthday , on my birthday i found out they 've been talking over socials since , and she 's all over him in his social medias and trying to get with him ( mind you she knows i really liked him , but she 's there showing me their exchanged messages and morning snaps . ) how cute ~ ! :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: i was very upset but did n't confront her because i 'm shy by nature , anyways i told my other friend , and she did n't care really , so i moved on , and then put distance between us and cut them both off - for other reasons . as for the guy , he was playing her as a joke and she was getting passed around his group . she knew this yet enjoyed the attention she was getting . i 've never had a crush since and i do n't have a close friend i can fully rely on :moai: . but i have hope for the future , i will get a best friend that can support me and i will get with guy that 's going to be my husband . i will get with a man not a boy that plays games .
hell yes ! i 'm moving in a few months . not looking for a partner . feel so lucky to have found a handsome , sexy guy in a similar situation . lots of great sex , fun friendly times , no commitment . it 's awesome .
old " friend " got pissy and petty bc i have mental health issues , was being sexually harassed at work , and thought of myself instead of her for once .
moody app . it 's very easy to use and gives you various tips and details about each period phase .
clothes and healthy groceries that i do n't even eat . damn body image .
my female boss told me after a zoom meeting with a guest speaker ( we have many , many , many zoom meetings ) that she felt my appearance was unprofessional . ( it really was n't . ) but , that statement in and of itself is fine ... if she had just left it at that . but she just kept going to the point where she was just giving insulting , personal commentary that was clearly just her opinion . after looking it up , i in no way violated our dress code . she apologized very shortly thereafter which was great and appreciate . but when i tried to tell her i felt it was unprofessional and felt very personall , she launched into a tirade about how she can't control my reactions , that i need to just get over it , etc etc . it was really wild , especially since we had a really good relationship to that point . she has since brought up my appearance one more time and if she does it again , i will tell her it 's enough . because sadly enough if she were a dude i would have reported her to hr right away .
honestly guys are just as wary as the ladies of creepy vibes . getting baby trapped or falsely accused of rape or stalked ranks high on the male list of fears about dating prospects . after only two dates , he may not have wanted to risk confronting you if he suddenly got the impression you had a screw loose . if he thought you were crazy then all confronting crazy does is invite a scorned backlash . so he just got the f out of dodge before getting more deeply invested . from his perspective he was just cutting his losses and avoiding drama . in the end he got the opposite but i kinda sympathize with him . he got screwed out of a potentially great relationship , too .
i agree but i 'm not willing to risk getting my head torn off over this .
fuck you jenny !
his hygiene . he does n't reach in between to wash his ass . when i brought it up he shut down . when he spits there are strings of spit falling off his mouth when he comes back up . i do n't want to be the girl with the boyfriend who thinks it 's gay to wash his own ass
as a dietitian to be , let me tell you , those books are bs .
modern family , how i met your mother , friends , psych , community
if i am allowed to add some context ( please delete if this is considered derailling ) - i worked for this woman for 4 years and she always sided with men whether they were superiors in the hierarchy or not .
food probably . i have distorted taste & smell from covid ( july 2021 ) . and i can barely stand most food so i eat out a lot by ordering my “ safe foods ” . cooking smells horrible and makes me sick / nauseous . so it 's a lot of easy stuff / prepackaged items , which cost more than when i used to cook . and it sucks because i used to love cooking .
hang your clothes , use deodorant whether you need it or not , wash on a daily basis .
truth hurts get me moving more but love this too
ovia app because i 'm also ttc
she slept with my girlfriend
to me it 's not the question itself , it 's that usually the person asking has something rude to say about it .
26 made me much more fatigued for things i normally did without getting as tired
thanks a lot for the in depth evaluation ! i appreciate the commitment you made in a response to some random guy on reddit about a nickelodeon show that premiered 20 years ago lol
my stomach constantly hurts and i do n't know why
awe ! my cat sits on my abdomen when i have period cramps and acts as a heating pad . he also kneads with his paws , which kinda hurts but it 's the thought that counts
i appreciate your encouragement ! :smiling_face_with_hearts: that does make me feel better ! however , i live in a historic tourist town known around the world and we have nothing even remotely close to that around here . it would be a nice thought though , but hundreds of thousands of conservative christian minds would explode the day they found out we had something like that being taught or instructed . :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
i am more androgynous / butch and my wife is more femme / high femme . i dress more in jeans or chinos , flannels , t-shirt 's , sporty , punk . she dresses more femme with dresses , skirts , flowy fabric .
play the banjo . i even have the banjo ! my issue is a mixure of add and being scared of finding i have absolutely no talent for music .
ah , yes , found mine . then , this " friend " told me details about their sex lives a few months into their relationship ,
i had a friend like this , except i actually thought she was my best friend . in high school i 'd been seeing a boy and just before christmas break he came to my house after school ( mom at work , house to ourselves ) , and things got hot . i pushed the stop button as i was n't ready to have sex yet . we decided he should probably leave . he was a gentleman about the whole thing . i walked down to my friends house and told her what had happened . big mistake . i did n't hear from bf through the whole break , but i just chalked it up to him being out of town ( way before cellphones ) . fast forward to return to school and he wo n't even look at me . i tried to talk to him but nothing . his friends made some comments about what i 'd done and i had no idea what they were talking about , so could only assume it was because i had n't had sex with him . my " friend " of course validated my reasoning . fast forward a couple of years and we 've both graduated . i 'm working in the mall and he comes into my store . i manage to take my break and talk to him and he tells me that she had said i told her that he tried to rape me . we actually managed to rekindle things a little and went on a cpl of dates . over time thanks to other people who knew people i found out about a number of other lies she told about me throughout high school . it definitely left me with major trust issues .
my ex best friend had sex with my boyfriend while i was 8 months pregnant lol i found out she had sex with another one of my exes before when i was working out of town . glad i have n't seen her in 10 years .
happened many times over many relationships . gf best friend visited me secretly ( unknown to my gf , her best friend ) and wanted to hook up . women ain't $ hit .
find a deodorant / perfume that compliments the natural scents of your body .
curious what industry do you work in ? i work in tech and ageism is absolutely rampant in the tech world . it 's basically the only openly acceptable form of prejudice . if you 're biased against gender or race or religion , you 'll have hell to pay , but age ? wink wink nudge nudge younger people have better ideas amirite ? ? from a professional standpoint , i only have my resume go back 10yrs and i do not tell people my graduation date . once you are past age 40 , you start to see the blatant ageism out there .
any woman who knowingly pursues a married man , whether that woman is a friend or acquaintance or stranger . bonus anti-girl code points if said woman then proceeds to play the victim card when wife expresses anger at this woman for fucking her husband . ( yea i have heard the “ she did n't promise you anything , your vows were only between you and your husband — fuck that noise . there 's plenty of blame to go around and knowingly pursuing someone and / or allowing yourself to be pursued by someone who is taken is just pure anti-girl code , not to mention trashy af )
i love clue . i have to paid version and happily pay for it for the past few years .
that 's horrible . im sorry this happened to you . did you know her ?
you 're right . it should n't be looked upon as failure . i guess that 's been in my own head after my divorce . i lost a lot of gfs because they viewed it as such and it hurt me deeply .
yes my coworkers ask me this all the time since the job i have right now is entry level and i graduated years ago . it 's a way for them to feel better about themselves
no . some people date around and it 's like a self-discovery thing , but for me that would be stressful and not at all good for me . my husband is the only person i ever really dated as an adult and i have no regrets about that . i mate for life . :grinning_squinting_face: but i do n't think there 's a “ right ” way on this - different approaches are right for different people .
your submission has been removed because your title does not include a question mark . please ensure your title is properly formatted to be a descriptive , open-ended question . if you think you have received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for lacking a question mark " & message =) . thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
dancing in the moonlight
not always . most posts are interesting and funny . however , it 's not good to be on social media for long periods of time and reddit definitely tries to sink one in .
until it 's more relevant . and honestly , you 'd just reveal it when necessary and relevant . ( btw : the askamanager blog is a good resource for navigating this kind of stuff . )
monthly payment of my student loans .
there is apparently a class action lawsuit against them if you are still experiencing issues .
lost 50 lbs
less than 10 minutes if i have to go somewhere ( like the office ) . i have learned over the years i can not allow myself even a second more than the bare minimum time to be out the door or i will be very late , either from snoozing or getting sucked into something . i jump out of bed , pee , brush my teeth , put on clothes , feed the cats , grab my shit and leave .
you 're a rock star for keeping her safe . i know it 's scary , but you are doing what 's best for her in the long run . she 's lucky to have you . having kids and separating is so damn hard , i hope you have some support .
i cry whenever i need to .
travel .
cut toxic people out of my life .
for sure ! it 's so easy to forget to be kind to ourselves .
self-healing .
age and depression ( apathy ) .
it 's good now . in fact i have the best relationship with my ex that i have had in years and my kids are able to see us together and happy again .
i invested in something else that gives me value other than my looks . started exceling at my career and upgraded my education , and made some solid friendships . getting fatter or uglier would n't change any of that .
was diagnosed at a young age with high cholesterol ! i was n't overweight but high cholesterol runs in my family and that freaked me out so i joined a gym at 16 and have been active since . being in a gym at this age and working out as much as i did ( do ) taught me how strong ( and healthy ) my body is so i never had any issues with body image .
it 's very very rare i will , but if i 'm not feeling my best because of my period i will definitely take a self care day / day off if i have to . even if i 'm not in “ pain ” that day i think we all deserve a day on the couch / bed / bath with no responsibility just for shedding blood lol .
i learned some healthier coping skills , spent more time around kind and accepting people , started focusing on building physical endurance instead . and i just got older . new problems create new priorities and i do n't want to pass my body image issues on to my son . lots of small things got me to this point .
i honestly never cared . i have a good figure now but even back in my 13-14 ' s when i was overweight and everyone would talk about it including my mother , i was fine . i hated the fact that they would talk about me like that and it would make me sad , but those opinions were never internal . probably because i never compared myself to other girls .
( trigger warning / eating disorders ) i was anorexic and bulimic for several years . i 'm 5 ' 9 ” and at my lowest i weighed 95lbs . i was also born with a severe case of pectus carinatum that went untreated most of my life . i hated my body . violently . so violently that i starved it , almost to death . i stood in the mirror for hours sobbing and critiquing it . i once made a list of 100 things i hated about it from head to toe . then in my early 20s pain caused by my deformity finally caused my to seek treatment and i got surgery to correct it . i 'd obsessed over this deformity my entire life . just a few months post-op , i 'd picked something else to fixate on and hate . that 's when i figured it out . with almost no fat and with my deformity corrected , i was what i 'd always thought was my ideal self and i still was n't happy . i did some soul-searching and a few thoughts started to form . - i am a thing of nature and i belong to this earth . i deserve to be here just as much as the flowers and the trees . - my body does unbelievable , nearly magical things to keep me alive . i tried to kill it out of hatred and it did everything it could to save me . it loved me unconditionally and i did not love it back . - if i did not change my mindset , i was going to die unhappy . it seems so simple but i finally made a conscious decision to try to enjoy life and everything life had to offer ( including the wonderful taste of cheese , chocolate , and wine ) guilt-free . i gained 30 lbs , dared to leave the house without makeup , and stopped shaving my underarms . nothing bad happened . no one judged or laughed at me . men still wanted me ( not that this should be any judge of a woman 's worth ) . i 'm unbelievably fucking happy . why would i ever want go back to spending the majority of my days counting calories and pinching at my fat in the mirror ? if you 've gotten this far , i 'll leave you with this quote , which revisit often : “ and i said to my body . softly . ‘ i want to be your friend . ' it took a long breath . and replied , ‘ i have been waiting my whole life for this . ”
someone on the internet somewhere posted something about “ see your body as what it is : a body . ” so although i still struggle ... it 's a first step that we all kind of have to remember . our mind rules us out with negative thoughts , we just have to remind our mind who 's in charge . good luck to everyone ! ! !
wonderful . i am happier now than i 've been in over a decade .
i came to the realization that being a human , living in this stupid little meat sack that i am responsible for , is embarrassing and ghetto for everyone involved . existing is so embarrassing . at the end of the day , we live in these meat suits that we have to fill , clothe , clean , empty , and even recharge . i realized it does n't matter what it looks like , or how old it is , or what wear it has incurred , as long as the meat suit is functional and operable i think it 's the least exciting part about humans . it 's our personalities and quirks that really make us special . on paper we all basically have the same operational parts so as long as they work , i decided i wo n't complain about its appearance unless i intend to change something about it :-)
doing my master 's at my dream university !
listen to melon collie
one thing i 'd like to add is that when you 're buying clothes , do n't fixate on the size . sizes are known to be extremely varied depending on the store , ive shopped with friends who got so upset that they had to buy 2 sizes up in one store but i tell them that no store really has a true size as they are always changing . also fabrics are always going to control what sizes you buy too ! so i do n't really care about the sizes i buy anymore because it 's so varied !
90 ' s helmut lang and margiela
a lot of clothes from fast fashion brands like shein are made from cheap material and are n't constructed well so they fall apart / wear down after a few washes . well made clothes do n't do that .
been a lot of different weights and realized that i 'm the same person at all of them . i can be self conscious and hate my body at size 2 and size 12 , i can love and appreciate my body at size 2 and size 12
could n't even tell you when it was . i try to block out as much as i can from that time ! !
frankly , i think it 's good to wait until it 's more relevant to them . maybe in the 2nd or 3rd trimester . if i had told mine in first trimester , i 'm pretty sure my promotion would have fallen through pretty quickly . it 's really hard to get over that unconscious discrimination
i agree 100 % . love your body as is , even if you want to make changes .
the way you view others is huge because i 'm the same way . i realized on day that other women who look like me i would be always think of as beautiful or just generally looking good , but i would n't offer that to myself
mod , thank you for posting the acceptable subs for advice ! ! i appreciate it ! ( this may also get deleted lol but i wanted to express my appreciation )
working through my trauma in a healthy way
absolutely , it does take time ! i 'm happy we both figured it out , though ! !
i tried being conscious of what was being intake both physically and psychologically . water helped balance for me on both ends .
not great . my ex husband kind of baby trapped me . i absolutely adore my daughter and have zero regrets about having her . with that being said i 'm a single mom who dropped out of highschool with no skills or education . i do n't want to say it was a plan but after i got pregnant being a stay at home mom was the only plan . my ex became extremely abusive . still is honestly . so now everyday is a struggle . my daughter is 3.5 and still not potty trained . my ex shows up every couple of weeks with the bare minimum in exchange for sex and i do n't really have a choice . seriously he showed one week with diapers and said if i wanted them i had to get on my knees . i am not exaggerating . but at the very least my daughter is safe .
turned 30 and something clicked
learning that the connections we 've made societally between weight and health are not at all as cut and dry as i thought was huge for me .
i do n't think it has anything to do with ' good enough ' . sometimes you just want to sleep with people . just because you do n't want a relationship does n't mean you can't have fun with someone .
it 's so true and i noticed its the one thing that stops us from really loving ourselves because we 're so fixated on looking like the desired woman in society . one you figure out that its simply impossible to look like others and work on loving what you have , it gets easier . it took me years to realise this but it takes time .
" one billion gagillion fafillion squabidy loo "
my daughter ( 5 ) drew me a really cute picture , and wrote “ i love you mama ”
def wait , i would even wait until you 're seriously showing because unfortunately ( i do n't mean to scare you , i 'm just being honest ) things can happen at any point , but the chances of that are reduce after ~ 20 weeks . good luck and if this is something you wanted - congratulations ! ! ! fuck yeah !
i focus on what my body can do . who cares if i gained a few pounds if now i can lift more or run more .
i stopped expecting people to behave / care like i would / do . unmet expectations suck and hurt feelings and it 's unfair to others to think of me the same way i think of them .
i 'm trying to focus on clothes lately . i 've never been happy with my body but am starting to accept that i 'll never lose much weight . i think buying clothes i love is an important step in accepting my body .
so calm .
1 . worked really hard on self-acceptance and self-compassion in therapy 2 . eliminated fashion magazines , celebrity gossip websites , and anything else that makes me feel bad about my body from my life 3 . learned more about the actual science of body size – mainly that long-term significant weight loss is n't achievable for about 98 % of people and that the health effects of being “ overweight ” are severely distorted in how they 're presented to the world ( the podcast maintenance phase is a great resource for accurate information about how human body weight actually functions ) 4 . followed more body-positivity activists and fat / chubby babes on social media 5 . made it a personal boundary that friends who want to talk about their intentional weight loss efforts , body size anxiety , etc . should not do so with me because of my history of restrictive / disordered eating 6 . ultimately just decided i 'd rather be happy than be thin
not giving up getting a job in my field . in september 2020 i had to quit cause me and my boyfriend moved for his job . i kinda regretted it cause i was having a difficult time finding a job , and we ended up moving back to our home town 10 months later . yesterday i found out i got a job offer in my field and i 'm just proud of myself for not giving up
i 've always been like this . they 're just not things i 've ever been super concerned about .
i get up 45 minutes before my day starts . hair , make up , dressed ( 20ish minutes ) , pick up the living room / kitchen , prep the baby 's food , feed the dog , start laundry / dishwasher , vacuum and then the baby arrives for the day .
once i got sober i stopped giving a shit what people think about me for the most part .
sex . i was adamant about waiting until i was 18 , legal , out of my parents house , gainfully employed , and had found someone i was willing to marry . ( of course then i turned 18 , i got an apartment and a part-time job as a cashier , was dating some untrustworthy kid , but that was good enough , i was getting impatient , lol . ) but being an adult is awesome , it is so much better than being a kid , having freedom and your own money and making your own decisions , it 's so much better in my experience !
not winding up like my alcoholic father who " raised " me . both his wives left him . he mentally and emotionally abused me for years . does n't admit it to this day . my mom did n't do a great job at helping , always concerned with her own life . i decided i did n't want to be anything like either of them , put myself through school , got a great job , and i 'm now a mom of 2 young boys and married to an incredible man who , bless his heart , tolerates my family so well . i guess thanks to my parents for teaching me what not to do ?
how much older ? i 'm 33 and it 's worse than ever now
yes , this ! the first part you said about accepting you wo n't look like other people - this was a huge struggle for me in my teens because i wanted to have the body of gisele or jennifer anniston but once i figured out that no matter what i do , my body is just not shaped like that ; it made me so much happier , so much more confident .
hello , / u / sheuvvie , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as answers to common or recently asked questions can be found in the faq or through the search bar . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
removed for derailing . if you have any questions , please message the moderators through the mod mail link on the sidebar .
hahaha that 's awesome . and thanks ! i worry it gets too hot here ( i 'm in vegas and summer can get 115-120 ) but i read a small variety of apples work well out here . i 'm slowly forming a garden but have to keep a sun cloth over most of it .
god i do n't even know how my periods were before birth control anymore , i just remember laying in bed crying . i have really bad symptoms and cramps even with birth control so i do n't even wanna imagine how they would feel without .
i feel for the genuinely nice men putting themselves out there and having no success . but incels are not that . they are the type to approach a stranger and insult them then wonder why the stranger does not want to be friends . they have incredibly toxic views of men , women , and society and deserve their loneliness .
when i was skinny i was shamed for being too skinny . now that i 'm plump no one says anything to my face . generally , i do n't give af . my perfect 18 year old body was n't good enough for some people and i stopped caring 🤷🏻‍♀
depends on what you consider plus-sized .. i 'm pretty tall 6 ' 0 and started out obese ( bmi \ ~ 32 , ended on a bmi \ ~ 28 ) the first couple of hikes were strenuous .. as i got fitter , things got better . do n't really feel like there was anything particularly noteworthy about being fat .. i have one memory i can laugh at nowadays but that was hurtful back when .. was visiting a temple in sea and was talking to the young apprentices .. they like to practice their english and i enjoy the interaction .. so we do the usual hello 's and such and they all put their heads together to come up with a ' non-standard ' question ( or so i thought ) .. and finally one of them turns around and says very loudly " you are very fat " with the biggest grin on his face . i never considered myself ' very ' fat , just fat .. so it stung .. but it helps to keep in mind that what 's ' standard ' in the western world is still surreal in many other countries and you will be noticed , watched and judged for it . it has no impact on who you are or what you 're worth .. but you need to be pretty secure to not let this affect you .
been out of the dating game awhile , and decided to change this up and been on a cpl dates this week - the first date , i was given a lovely rose when we met up for dinner . it was just sweet and unexpected :red_heart:
i took a chance on relocating for better career prospects , when my entire family said i 'd fail . i exceeded my own expectations . i have reached new heights in my career and increased my annual income by 375 % over the last 9 years .
my former foster daughter ( 19yo ) called me in the middle of the night on new years crying and then told me she missed her mom . a year ago this kid * hated * me ( at least that 's what she showed externally ) and was so hurt and closed off . a year later , after an unrelenting bombardment of support and love , she felt confident enough to call me at a moment of extreme vulnerability . at the end of the call she told me she loved me . now , i do n't need accolades or praise . i 'm not a saint . but i worked really hard for that i love you and it filled my heart with so much joy . more than that , i 'm so happy she has healed enough that she has room in her heart to love me .
i do n't feel anything . if i remember it 'll be like “ oh it 's his birthday ” and keep it moving .
hello , / u / texasgirl 0101 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this subreddit has themed days : [ matefree monday ] ( HTTPURL ) and [ thersday ] ( HTTPURL ) . please review the rules for themed days . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
hello , / u / xxdaddys_bunnyxx , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed for seeking advice about a specific person or personal situation . r / askwomen is about receiving answers from the community about their own opinions and experiences rather than seeking input on specific personal situations . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
about an hour
so many redpill , mgtow , pick up artist dudes screaming about women hitting the wall and needing to settle down before they become undesirable to men . sexlessness in america has risen and marriage is decreasing . some people nervous about it becoming the next " japan " . i see some men complaining that women getting more money too ? because apparently the more money women as a collective have , less men get partners . yelling about " hypergamy " and female nature , demanding women to settle to fix the crisis . women also starting to outnumber men in college is also a crisis apparently . i had a conversation with a guy . he said sexbots and extremely realistic sex dolls would prevent violent men and honestly ? go for it i guess if it will prevent women getting negatively affected by sexually frustrated men . but then he also said is n't enough and they need companionship , so he proposed the government should encourage people to date more like what japan is doing . the birth rate declining and more women refusing to have kids is being talked about a lot more .
removed for containing gendered slurs . if you have any questions please message the moderators through the link on the sidebar .
ive taken about 3 ibuprofen at the start of my period ( and sometimes again once or twice more throughout my period depending on how painful it is ) for last ten years and have never developed any " tolerance " . i dont think it works in the way that taking narcs would . they still relieve my cramps and i still use them to relieve headaches on occassion as well .
that 's awesome . i 've considered this but have n't found enough statistical evidence to support it . there seems to be a lot of anecdotal evidence though !
hello , / u / lostraccoon _ , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed for containing or promoting a personal agenda . this is not a debate sub or sub for soapboxing . discussion questions about specific subs or users is not permitted . posts made in an attempt to create or stir up drama will be removed . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
i made a big brunch with my 2 friends and we had a great time .
i got enough problems , how my body looks seems like an incredibly low concern now .
cell phone and internet bill . you can shop around and negotiate . rates seem to be a bit more competitive with the whole wfh situation
depends on the ex ... one i feel like reaching out to and kindly wish him a great day one i consider setting on fire and one other one i wish sometimes was n't the father of two of my children , i 'd be very disrespectful , i love my kids so i can't
this just made my whole day ! thank you !
roughly 2 hours , i give myself some time to wake up , have coffee and read bad news ( it ‘ d be good news if there was any ) , take a shower , then walk my dog and go to work .
knowing that i eat properly and make time for exercise . i give thanks to my body for everything it does for me . i wear clothes that i feel are flattering on me .
every single period until i got prescribed painkillers
i think it just reflects the fact that a higher proportion of men are n't having sex , and are therefore * involuntarily * celibate . it does n't have to be associated with hateful views of women , and most hate themselves more than anything . HTTPURL
making it this far
i 'm a teacher and had to make a really difficult call for one of my students . the day before christmas break my class was watching a movie . he asked if he could sit with a friend and i said yes . he brought his chair back to my desk and then said , " what ? you said i could sit with a friend . "
a friend of mine told me about his day and how happy he was . i needed that after such a bad day .
immediately upon first symptoms i take excedrin extra strength . it 's the same as excedrin migraine . it 's the best otc drug available in my opinion . do n't wait - take it immediately . then reduce things that cause pain ( screen time , sunshine through window , noise , etc . ) . if it 's really bad try to go to sleep and hope it 's gone when you wake up . mine last 1-3 days usually . they have gotten slightly better with age .
i lift weights at least 4 times a week and generally prefer a softer / curvier look aesthetically . this means i do n't have to do any diets or excessive cardio to achieve my desired look . i will say that genetics has played a role in me feeling good about my body in terms of proportions and fat distribution . i also got a boob job about 5 years ago which did wonders for my confidence .
to stop and think before i react
i was in the same city for that . he was hailed as a hero by those pathetic cretins . i try not to be hateful , but there are some people who really earn it .
ibuprofen helps a lot .
i fulfilled a bucket list goal of producing ( and editing and starring in ) a music video . it was a life dream since watching mtv as a little kid ! !
agreed
i used to have body image issues . i became obsessed and eventually got so sick of stressing over it . i realized that no matter what shape or size i was , i kept on seeing myself as grotesque when i did n't even view other people that way , no matter their shape or size . it was clear that my body was n't the problem , but my mentality was . so i stopped looking in a mirror ( and pictures of myself ) for a year and just stopped caring about how i looked . now i can see myself and feel positive or neutral !
the full story is [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) . long story short , he 's a porn addict .
i 'm in canada so i 'm entitled to a year , that said i make more than my husband so he 'd take most of the leave . i would not take more than 6 weeks ... most people have recommended that i wait 3-5 months , so that does seem the norm .
physically like 10 minutes mentally would be that i do n't ahaha ( all day at minimum )
for me it was like , when i was in elementary school , being bullied for being ugly mostly , i had a big nose before i grew into it . sometimes i also got bullied for being depressed or “ weird ” because i was a very sad child and i had self harm scars on my arms that i tried to hide . in middle school it was more bullying for being a whore or slut . why ? because i had a boyfriend . not sure why that was so wrong , everyone else was dating too . that was n't too bad tho . in high school it was being bullied for my sexuality since i was bi and in the gsa ( gay straight alliance club ) but that did n't really bother me too much it was very minor and infrequent usually from people i did n't know . i was not bullied very much in high school though at all , as i was pretty cute and likeable , not a lot of people had a problem with me . but i feel like most bullying for girls is over their appearance and their dating life , so if your ugly you get bullied , if your pretty you 're either a whore or your cool .
i knew it was a mistake to learn english
i will give it a try , but i love how the songs change from styles so smoothly , like scenes from an italian restaurant
hot foods ! ! it 'll make it a bit more pleasant . try a broth-y soup . i currently have covid as well . try not to panic the stress on your body will make it worse ! my whole immediate family caught it and my mom and dad both had it the worst . my mom lost her sense of smell and taste for a few days . if your body can tolerate spicy foods try kimchi , or put hot sauce on most things . the spice is what ended up helping my mom regain everything . we were told by a few different people the covid “ cocktail ” is elderberry , vitamin d , and zinc . we have been taking those vitamins and they 've been certainly helping too . just consult with your doctor or pharmacist first i hope you recover soon , and i hope your youngest does well too :purple_heart:
i would n't say i went through heart break but i realized i wanted to continue exploring polyamory so that was nice .
hello formal_detective _454 . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
it 'd probably be quite nice if they had n't been drug addicts who neglected me as a child . also if they 'd been different people .
lights , taylor swift , dispatch , and iron & wine .
this morning when i missed my flight . currently waiting for the next one out of here ... 12 hours later
lana del rey , aurora , billie marten , fka twigs , caroline polachek , hayley kiyoko , tom odell , tinashe , kate bush and will joseph cook
i 'm concerned for your dog just why smh
every time i die 🙌🏻 🙌🏻
omg i literally just looked down and bam , holding my boob . did n't even notice .
my was in afghanistan and only called my step mom and siblings , i live in another state and never heard from him unless it was through email . when i asked why he did n't have an answer .
walk around in ridiculous outfits and talk to myself out loud in a very moira rose-ish manner . arrange my plushies in a semi circle and make them watch me do my work / study
not offended at all , i like that we have our own goodbye in your country ! but that 's not how anyone where i 'm from say goodbye ( northern ireland ) - we have to do the wave off from the door way !
not that i am " recovered " am still dealing with serious ptsd but working through it and getting better every day
penny & sparrow , non-stop .
we would get along so well my friend
i 'll ignore texts and reply to them like three days late depending on how important the text is . look it 's not that i 'm trying to * ghost * you , i 'd just rather continue hunching over my phone in my dark room like a little goblin than engage in a conversation :')
my bipolar mom medicated when she raised me . but the hypervigilance i developed from it is a superpower
love ol ' blue eyes .
therapy . and the love from my beautiful baby .
talk to myself like if i was my own therapist . make up stories . quite dramatic stories actually and of course dance !
right ? ! i love the more sentimental ones like honesty as well .
their eastern european mentality . the fact that they do n't love each other .
sad , my sister and i are starting our new life living with her dad in his living room since our mom kicked us out . we have to wait until april / may for an rv park spot to open up for our new trailer . i 'm ready / not ready to go back to work and school but need the distraction .
i found someone who would treat me better .
i found myself constantly coming to this site for the answers to random things or just to read opinions . one day i felt bored so i just decided i 'd make an account for myself so i could join in .
talk to myself . make random animal sounds . sing loudly for all to hear
being very patient with myself for one . another is doing everything i could n't do with my ex . for 2 years , he demanded all of my attention ( we did n't even live together but he would me for at least 4 hours of my day and text me constantly ) . everytime we watched something or played it game , it was always his choice . so i 've been catching up on watching tv , movies , reading books , painting and exploring new hobbies . this is what i see as self-care because you learn to really enjoy things by yourself .
what do you masturbate to ?
i know tv on the radio has been around forever , but they are the artists i 've listened to the most ( by far ) the past 2 years . dlz and wolf like me are my favorites .
1 . all vital documents , protected . 2 . access to a workout space with a shower . ymca is ideal . working out and showering change your quality of life . 3 . good socks and footwear . 4 . hygiene products .
what kind of porn ?
i refuse to believe my own internal fantasies about people being good anymore . it takes extensive physical proof of someone being a decent human before i even think about a committed relationship with them . i do n't hook up with anyone and include my emotions into it . i 'm fulfilling a physical need and that 's where it stops .
less religious and conservative . they 're so far over the edge that it 's too much to handle sometimes . a bit of it is n't bad but they care about it more than family sometimes
kindness and a good sense of humor . i like people with manners , respect , and just a kindhearted person .
wish my dad would grow up and stop making the same mistakes over and over again . it 's getting old
your submission has been removed : this is a common topic or recently asked question . please have a look at the front page , use the search bar , or have a look at our faq . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + submission \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
your comment has been removed : removed for casual or inappropriate usage of mental health related terms or diagnostic labels . please do not speculate , armchair diagnose , or label other people 's mental health situations or use terms for mental health issues as judgments , slurs , or synonyms for toxic / abusive behaviour . please let us know once you 've made the requested changes and your content may be reinstated . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + comment \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
that they were not narcissists
well my mom kicked me and my sister out for her boyfriend so i 'd like to change her view on that , and my dad is well .. emotionally unavailable with cancer so .
always hozier
depression memes brought me here . i 've been feeling lonely and thought maybe reading about other people 's lives or opinions would help with that feeling .
you 're not chasing me down the windy road of exploring a simple question ? why is genius innate ? what universally applicable truth is found in that statement ? genius can never be achieved through practice ? it can never be squandered or lost ? of course they 're two different things . talking about what makes them different helps us to understand more about what we believe . you know , discussion ?
your comment has been removed : disrespectful or hateful commentary is not permitted . removed for casual or inappropriate usage of mental health related terms or diagnostic labels . please do not speculate , armchair diagnose , or label other people 's mental health situations or use terms for mental health issues as judgments , slurs , or synonyms for toxic / abusive behaviour . please let us know once you 've made the requested changes and your content may be reinstated . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + comment \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
i rarely give second chances
couple of hours ago
i was looking up stuff and it always led to me getting the answer on reddit . i wanted to post in a group for my college so i made an account lol
i wish they were n't so overprotective . i 'm 19 and have to lie about my social media usage , lie about my friend 's mental health , have n't ever even dated ( both my relationships have been with people 2 continents away , and over an insta fan account so they could n't find out ) and can't wear crop tops without them flipping out . did n't have a fucking google hangouts till i was 15 and none of my friends even used it anymore . i have to encrypt all my data on my own laptop . i love them , but i 'm a working adult with a good internship and grades , it fucking sucks that they do n't trust me to keep myself safe . i 'm not a 5 year old and i 'm sick of being treated like one .
tove lo , hozier , halsey , jhené aiko , ed sheeran , chase atlantic , ella mai .
i realised that no one ( including yourself ) is irreplaceable . you can always find someone better .
i go commando . i used to wear underwear and thongs and all it ever did was get stuck in my asscrack , make my vagina sore and leave lines . after that i decided i 'd just go without underwear and i 've never looked back
i would make them kinder and more supportive . the ability to realize they are not always right or know what 's best . my mom would no longer be a gossiper it drives me crazy . most importantly i would want them to be happy even if it means divorcing
just hit this myself . it 's a mood , it sucks , but worth it i guess for the future
i wish my dad did n't get angry so easily . i was on edge my entire childhood .
trust , my ex make it harder for people to get me trust them . he broke me , i can't trust any guys after him . i 'm still in shock that he left me . but the changes , i paint more , i bake more , i clean more , and i start to eat healthy at my pace without feeling pressure . next step , exercise
wow , you 're way out in left field , and i 'm not chasing you down that windy road . genius is innate . fluency is n't . they 're two different things and you 're drawing a parallel that is n't there . it 's a bad comparison . fluency is much more akin to knowledge than it is to intelligence .
make them both more caring and compassionate . for my mom to not rely only on me for her wellbeing , and to treat me like a daughter and not her partner / therapist .
caro emerald , paloma faith , gin wigmore , kate earl
$ uicideboys
my taste in potential partners ; i used to gravitate towards toxic ass people because of " chemistry " but after i got really fucked over by this habit , it totally died .
always eminem
ac / dc def leppard andrew jackson randy travis george strait warrant
that my father got cancer instead of my mother . it 's true the good ones go first . that being said , the mature empathy wishes he would recognize his mental health issues and seek proper treatment . praying it away has n't worked as well as he hoped . that he could come to terms with his childhood and heal . genuine apologies for years of abuse and that admitting that would mean so much to me . but he sits in resentment . stubborn and miserable .
eat from the pan lol .
apparently my sexuality changed since i date almost exclusively women now . i am a woman .
i wish my mom could care more , she does n't really seem to care about anything
i 'm a natural unintentional gaslight . i hate that i 'm like this , and i 'm trying to stop , but i never realize i 'm doing it until afterwards .
underwear . i only wear leggings with long tops that cover my butt , so it does n't really matter what kind .
pick your bra color and tank top color wisely . for example do n't wear a neon pink bra with a white tank top
i listen to the two hot takes podcast , i fell in love with their storytelling and commentary , i had to read more of the stories they were reading and here i am .
my mom 's ongoing illness and i really do n't know about my dad , it 's been almost twenty years since i 've seen him . i guess i wish he had cared more .
if my mom wasnt an alcoholic
purge ingrown hairs
sorry
thong for sure . if im leaving my place , i wear no show thongs so i dont have any lines
originally just for memes . then the meme page i was following took a hard fascist turn so i ditched that and have just stuck around for the other interesting things .
thong ! always
yesterday in my closet under a mattress waiting for a tornado to hit lol ( it did n't thankfully ) i 'm new to the area and not used to these tornado shenanigans
underwear .
unless i knew 100 % that it can't be true ( like for example if he was with me when the accuser said it happened ) i would not stay friends . it 's just not worth potentially putting myself in a dangerous situation .
really sorry to hear about that ! ! i wish you love and happiness ! ! !
i learned a lot about what i wanted and how i wanted to go about relationships . i took a lot of time to myself to figure out what kind of person i wanted , and what goals i wanted to achieve with them .
i describe myself very differently to a potential employer than i would to a fan of my fiction or a person who comes to my class at a conference . tailoring your message to your audience makes it so much better
intelligence and sense of humor
last week and it was because of the thought that i have n't had a date in over two years and i never experienced a long term relationship due to traumatic experiences from past relationships . slowly getting better with self-love and acceptance but i would love to experience a healthy and long term relationship for once in my life
your submission has been removed : this is a common topic or recently asked question . please have a look at the front page , use the search bar , or have a look at our faq . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + submission \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
get healthy
i do n't believe you 're incapable of answering my question . you simply demonstrated that you either did n't want to , or could n't do it with being prompted again . try to be a little more forgiving . then you proceed to , excuse me for saying this again , * not understand * my point about answering the question . i am not asking you for dictionary or other * definitions * of these words . i am asking you to articulate how you see the two concepts as similar or different . that is the art of dialectic . it is not “ word games . ” it is about you telling me how you see these two things as different , and in so doing , hopefully , revealing something true and important about the concepts we are discussing . it is * not * agreed that genius is something you 're born with . i have n't agreed that 's true . i 'm trying to ascertain what the meaning of these concepts is to * you * , not to inform you of some received truth , of which i have none . so forgive me , but you have n't understood . and perhaps you can extend some amount of trust my way and accept that my particular genius might be recognizing that in other people . i believe you can understand what i 'm trying to tell you . i just can see that you have n't yet .
oldest was 9 years older then me i thought he was only like 4 years but it burned out anyway . i usually like men 1 to 2 years older then me . youngest was a year younger then me . i do n't usually like dating younger men .
jay park , bloo , kontra k , raf camora .
thanks !
lol :face_with_tears_of_joy: ok then
i initially made an account because of obama 's ama . this is my third account .
i wish you all the best :victory_hand:
... survive another year of pandemic
what about a goal for yourself
not a damn thing . they were n't perfect , i 'm not perfect , and i 'm okay with that . nothing wrong working with the hand you got dealt . maybe i 'm just being positive ?
lana del rey , smashing pumpkins , nightwish
a macbook
ah i do n't know how that happens every time i try to type “ using ” on my phone . thanks for pointing it out :)
a tesla , an iphone , any music by u2
more of a ' life lesson ' kind of thing ... saying ' no ' to your kid / teenager . my parents did very well for themselves , and so i grew up extremely privileged . even so , i experienced significant medical hardships during my childhood and adolescence , so i was a relatively good kid . i never had a rebellious phase , i always said please and thank you , i was kind , did relatively alright / well in school ( as well as i could , considering the amount of time i had to spend in hospitals due to my medical condition ) , etc . but , there were definitely a few times i was an ' annoying ' or ' entitled ' kid . example : i remember , as a 14/15- year old , i once asked for an upgrade to my cellphone , i . e . the newer version of the phone i already had . dad said no . i threw a little hissy fit and pulled the usual " you 're ruining my life , dad ! " line . back then ? i was pissed and upset . not that he could n't afford it , he definitely could . but , he still said no . looking back at it , now that i 'm a young adult with my own financial responsibilities , and as the breadwinner of my own household ? i now understand he was trying to get me to understand the value of money , that life is n't always fair , that you wo n't always / can't get everything you want , etc . and , looking back at it now , i 'm * glad * he said no . thanks to the " no 's " i heard growing up , i now understand , value , and appreciate the concept of earning something you want .
your submission has been removed : we do not allow questions that needlessly exclude minority demographics . please use [ inclusive phrasing ] ( HTTPURL ) . limiting responses to majority demographics is not permitted . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + submission \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
diamonds . worst investment possible .
i used to smoke weed every single day , i was chronically addicted to it . i was quite thin but i thought i looked great . i decided to give it up one day and have n't looked back since . i have put on a little over 10kgs , even though i live an active and much healthier lifestyle compared to back then ; i was so hard on myself in the beginning but now i 've just come to realise that this is the design and shape that my body takes naturally and that is fine . my brain is happier and that is the most important thing to me ( and pizza ) .
crocs
an nft
we weren't
pride and prejudice . any flavor except strawberry can serve the purpose . i can't be choosy on the last day on earth , lol .
do you know the muffin top man :musical_notes: he lives around my waist :winking_face:
any high fashion that does n't serve a purpose greater than cheaper options . example : walmart sells really warm coats from wrangler . bought one for about $ 30 the other day for work . i 've seen work jackets that go for $ 300 that i can't see keeping me any warmer for the price . however milwaukee sells a heated jacket powered by their battery technology that sells for and $ 300 and i would buy one right now if i had the money .
slightly off topic i always think a similar thing when family do n't / rarely visit elderly parents in the hospital . one relative who was prompted to visit more rightly bit the nurses head off by saying something like " he abused me since i was twelve , i do n't owe my dad shit " . if people have cut off / do n't want to see family there is normally a very good reason and they 're it .
humor
self lacing shoes ... never in a million years
they can only be birthed via c-section ? ! my god that 's absolutely fucked if it 's true .
hey ! she worked hard on that !
the ability to read sub sidebars . so sexy .
exhausting - i can relate so much . perfect description
i have straight , healthy and silky hair i really love them but sometimes it 's just hard to even braid my hair they slip a lot and then it feels irritating i guess i love my hair anyway
HTTPURL
if it 's done , it 's done . do n't stress about it . the consequences , good or bad , will eventually come up
ohhhh i forgot about the whale tail . what were we thinking ? ! ?
my mom always had a coach purse in the 80s , but it was a very basic design — just brown leather . and she beat it to death . it lasted her 10 years , absolutely worth the price . but , alas , that was then , this is now ...
i wo n't buy anything that down scales convenience in the name of climate change . so no electric cars , no heat pumps , no artificial meat such as vegan friendly or lab grown meat , solar panelsor wind turbines . if i had all the money in the world i would be the last man in the world still burning fossil fuel .
i suck at this . i always give people the benefit of the doubt , i get burned a lot .
i was a girly girl , and my whole family just kept forcing this role on me . it was so weird . every gift , activity i was forced into . everything pink and purple , i got purses for christmas and my sister got legos . it was dumb , maybe telling of the 90s back when people assigned these roles ? i now hate wearing dresses or skirts or shorts . i work in the science field where i basically wear hiking clothes everyday . t shirts and cargo pants . i swear like a sailor . i do n't dress very girly girl anymore and my grandma tells me to “ learn how to be a proper woman ” .
two wrongs do n't make a right .
hello poodlerocks . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow gift threads outside of stickied holiday posts . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for asking for gift advice " & message =) . thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
intelligent people talk about ideas , unintelligent people talk about other people .
be okay with being uncomfortable . great things are n't made from a place of comfort . career advancement , meeting new people , allowing for opportunities all require that you put yourself out there and take risks and you can't do that with total comfort .
your submission has been removed : this is a common topic or recently asked question . please have a look at the front page , use the search bar , or have a look at our faq . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + submission \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
cash out the bank accounts , grab my bf and kid and just ... go . anywhere we want . just get in the car and go
ok boss babe :face_with_tears_of_joy:
tomboy growing up , had a couple girlfriends in highs school but we drifted apart . i 'm 30 now , work in a trade and have no female friends . my best friends are all men . i find it really hard . i find that women who have similar interests as me seem “ competitive ” with me and it turns me right off . i have no time for trying to compete with someone , i just want friends that are real . i would love some female friends though . it 's tough .
i was a zookeeper for awhile and let me tell you , animals are much easier to put up with than humans . harder to understand but so much easier to be around
honda ridgeline , ford ranger , smart car , self driving car
mansions . i just do n't get it . why does anybody need that many rooms ? idk why but the bigger they are the more stressed out i get thinking about living in one . just a bunch of unoccupied space and stuff . like the with every unoccupied room you get a little bit more loneliness .
your submission has been removed : removed for being indistinguishable from fap fodder . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + submission \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
nutting ?
do n't ask questions you do n't want answers to . care of my dad . he passed almost a year ago now , but this rule will always be with me .
anything “ amazon brand . ” have a goal of deleting amazon and canceling prime this year , and i 'm buying from small businesses online as much as i possibly can from now on .
an extended warrenty for my vehicle
either the day a ran my first marathon or when i got my dog who is my best friend .
i think she just joked that her vag smelled like the flowers in a candle and people really ran with it .
your submission has been removed : posts that soapbox , promote a personal agenda , pot-stir , or solicit unpopular opinions are not permitted . this includes bringing the humanity and dignity of subgroups of people / minority demographics up for debate or commentary . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + submission \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
sit with my kids watching movies and chocolate and popcorn
i leaned more towards girly for sure . my mother let pick pick out my own outfit every day , and i came up with some gems ... i 've always liked frills and bows and glitter . although you would n't know it now , all i wear is black , white , or grey . i think i hated being constantly associated with being ‘ girly ' and being judged ( preconceived ? ) for it
do n't get me wrong , i love my hair ... but maybe a little more thick and minus the frizziness .
usually that makes the person talking leave me alone . i 'll just default to walking off while they are mid-sentence .
your comment has been removed : [ derailing ] ( HTTPURL ) of the topic is not permitted . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + comment \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
neither . houseplants ftw . there is substantial less poop and drool with houseplants .
the friend i had as a teen who would critise about me no matter what i did . for example she initially told me i was ugly because i had naturally curly reddish hair , full lips and had a curvier figure ( i was at a healthy bmi and probably would n't be considered fat by today 's standards ) . however when i lost weight , dyed / straighten my hair and used makeup to help my lips look thinner she called me vain and shallow . i could n't win . she 'd also tell me i was stupid and would n't amount to much ( due to having more traditionally feminine interests than her ) . although i 'm better now i did develope disordered eating habits due to her comments about my weight / appearance and still have confidence issues from her other comments nearly 20 years later .
a person .
dogs , but i have nothing against cats .
hello aleatorygal . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i remember thinking that commercial was a snl skit the first time i saw it . :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
i can say that i 've realized i should n't trust too quickly and to always listen to my instinct . i had to learn both of those parts the hard way .
your comment has been removed : [ derailing ] ( HTTPURL ) of the topic is not permitted . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + comment \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
glad taste is subjective
controversial opinion : if it can only come into this world via a c-section , it 's not a humane breed of dog ...
glasses with no lens ' in them .
what is your favorite book and favorite type of ice cream ?
only trust vegans , got it
my parents wanted numerous kids . thus , leading to me having 7 other siblings . my father eventually got deported . and this was the heartbreak in the family soon , we would all be split up and living at in the same state yet at different households . later on in life , we would come together as a family now that we are older now . point is , i would never want to have that many kids . why have kids in the first place , if you can't really afford to take care of them , you know ? i know that my father leaving really messed up our family up as a family . but i just do n't understand why my mother could n't just find a job and get herself together . but yet , that sounds hard being a single parent taking care of 8 children .
cats
my personal argument is that dogs actually do stuff . whereas the majority of cats just sit around all day and do n't seem to care about anything . however , i have a lot of friends who have some good apples in the bunch
i dog sat a couple of times for my sister 's friend 's family who were very well off . huge house with an alarm system . the living room windows were 2 stories tall so they had no curtains on the upper half which for some reason i really disliked , and it echoed everywhere . everything just seemed so far away , so much empty space ... i was always on edge that someone would realize the owner 's were n't home and attempt a burglary ... even though it paid really well , i stopped doing it because i hated being there . ( plus i am not a dog person so it was a bad fit haha . )
a few hundred ? ? some kid in india is stitching that bag for $ 1 of labour and $ 5 of materials
dogs rule , cats drool
i have the opposite of the issue that most women in this comment section are having - i was always shamed for being skinny . i grew up as a skeleton child . literally less than 8 percent body fat . i ate well and healthily , always got plenty of exercise , and suffered no disease . it was just how i was built . yet , my mother got weird stares everywhere we went . one time my grandmother even tried to force feed me . it was absolutely terrible , and i had absolutely no concept of any of it . in my mind i was normal , and i knew i was healthy , never lacking energy . all of the judgement eventually led me to become very displeased with myself and my body . i was insecure for a long time , until i started bodybuilding . i hit puberty at the ripe old age of eleven , and my metabolism shifted . i started gaining weight , and the judgement ceased . however , being so used to be small , i was now insecure for being " fat " ( keep in mind , i was 93 lbs at 5 ' 4 . that should tell you how small i had been previously ) . for god knows what reason , i was gifted with a heavy chest , which only added to the dysmorphia . i was told all the time about how i had " such a nice hourglass figure " but i was twelve , and i hated it . by thirteen i had started working out obsessively , trying every home pilates get-toned-fast workout i could find on the good old internet . nothing got rid of my chest , and my hips had widened even more . at least now i was beginning to appreciate my curves , but i still wanted to have the muscle tone and agility i had once had in my earlier childhood . so , after much research , i started weightlifting . my entire perspective changed when i started lifting weights . now , instead of wanting to be skinny , i vowed to never go back to it . i made it my young mission to become a female spartan warrior . i ate and lifted , ate and lifted , until i went from 93 lbs to 120 in a little over a year . i was now very strong , but still not happy with how i looked . i wanted to be big , but lean . i now had a bit of fat on me from the bulk , which i wanted to shred off . so , being the fifteen year old sophomore i was , decided to start boys wrestling . i got down to 113 lbs for the weight cut . i havent had any hatred or distaste for my body since . after doing some light reading on human biology , i have developed an appreciation for my body . i see it now as something to nourish , take care of , love . it does so much for me , i dont see it as myself . i see it as an entirely different existence . after all , we are more microbiome than human .
me too . no shame in my game !
mine is a mix between walmart clearance and pulling wrinkled clothes out of the dryer
a huge house . i live very comfortably in a 3 bedroom house and for storage my garage is n't even full . i like being cozy and less space to clean .
i like the way you think , my friend .
pasta by the pound .
yes ! ! i have been in and out of a number of friend groups and it just felt like none of us fit in ; there was no real dynamic to the group besides getting fucked up in someone 's garage and doing dumb shit . nobody really clicked , we were all sad people who just wanted somewhere to drink and get high and talk shit . my mum would make comments about these people not being my real friends , but ultimately she just waited for the universe to take its course and pull me out of these situations , and it did .
mcdonald 's fries
they always play with words to keep us hanging . these ppl are selfish as they want the best for them without any thoughts about ppl around them . the guy i left always tells this - you are the only one understands me . i can be myself with you.you are the only who understand my jokes and me . i feel complete peace beside you . i was so into him that i wld do anything to keep him happy and that included me being disrespected , pretended not existing in front friends and ghosted for weeks and reaching me back.when i stop talking , he was so mad and restless because he thought i would never walk away.he kept on telling that how helpless he will be without me and how much we belong together ' . but this time , i was n't falling for these words again and walked out.it was terrible for many years.we shared sooo much and it hurts at times but you know what i have ? i have a peaceful mind now and i know the need to be respected and loved is more important than me throwing myself for someone 's else happiness . love is not about we sacrificing and being there for someone else , it 's about having the comfort and love for each other . its a 2 way street . i wasted many years to find this peaceful mind . i pray you find your way soon .
r / rareinsults
stay with my family . read my favorite book . eat chocolates and ice cream .
lmaoo i 'm a bit younger , but my cousin gave me her low rise jeans years ago and honestly they 're actually really cute . i think it depends on how you wear them and your body . it 's one of those cases of " is it stylish or just skinny and or body shape ? " imo . i 'm not real skinny but i have a pear shape and they look awesome on me but that 's also personal preference . i never liked high rise jeans much . i almost always felt like an old mom when i wore them .
this girl on twitter that was in the same fanbase as me for this one boy group . it hit me one day that i thought she was beautiful and i romantically wanted to be with her . i tried to even shoot my shot via dm , because she was openly bisexual herself . i was totally turned down , haha . & #x200b ; it took me a few years , but i accept that i 'm not straight now ,
spend time with my wife .
do not eat chips in bed . on a more serious note , husbands and wives who do n't stand up to each other when the other is wrong , are not good people .
listen to your mom . teenage me thought she was being mean adult me realizes if i had listen i would have avoided a lot of relationships related trauma / anxiety / depression .
anything overpriced .
cheese
your submission has been removed : this is a common topic or recently asked question . please have a look at the front page , use the search bar , or have a look at our faq . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + submission \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
guy friends :)
sex
" if you do n't ask , the answer will always be no " - in the context my dad said it as like hey try out for things , the worst thing they can do is say no ! this was in regards to applying to college , but i have applied it to everything . apply to grad school , the job you do n't think you 're quite qualified for , an idea you want to run by your boss , etc . you wo n't know it 's a no unless you actually try , and then you can proceed based on the response instead of self-disqualification .
if he treats his mum like shit , he will also treat you like shit
hello fellow rad tech . i do ct and mr
your submission has been removed : this is a common topic or recently asked question . please have a look at the front page , use the search bar , or have a look at our faq . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + submission \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
yeah the only purebred i could see myself getting is if i adopted an ex racing greyhound . i think purebreding is unethical .
your submission has been removed : questions asking about your own situation can be asked in / r / askwomenadvice ; questions asking about your relationships can be asked in / r / relationships , and r / findareddit can help in other cases . please read the respective rules before posting . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL [ my + submission \ ] \ ( HTTPURL ) + was + removed + and + i + do + not + understand + the + reason + given + by + the + mod + who + acted upon + it . ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
i was in a friend group from ages 14-16 that truly messed me up . the one girl was a horrible influence ; stole from stores , dressed scantily specifically for male attention , got into many different drugs , mixed with bad people ... and another girl ( there were 4 of us ) egged her on and joined in those activites . & #x200b ; we had a huge blowout that just all revolved around us being completely different people . it led to the one girl ( the one i described ) showing up to my house unexpectedly and threatening my family . i was the first to leave the group . it crumbled completely after
louis vuitton
i was 13 , some guy in a truck yelled " you in the pink , i wanna suck you like a mango ! " let me tell you , i never wore that shirt again and my wardrobe got a lot baggier as i got older . last time i remember being catcalled was when i was 26 .
some shade of green . green just goes really well with my skin tone to the point where strangers have pointed it out . otherwise , black or charcoal grey , plus or minus a glitter topper .
i 'm allergic to most pefumes , so scented stuff is the bane of my existence . extreme irritation / mild rash when i come into direct contact with stuff like that .
nothing . my husband and i actually get along better than we did before hand . ( not that we fought a lot ) but now we really do n't fight at all
i was 11 and i went to a halloween party with my friends . it was my school who threw the party . so , i was going back home alone , cause i could n't get in touch with my father , so that he could pick me up , and a car stopped right beside me and a guy kept calling me to “ go somewhere else ” with him
they seem like more faff than they 're worth . but then again i do n't wear false eyelashes so i 'm not the target market
those plastic floss devices , every time i see one on the ground . ugh .
everything
i have literally never seen of heard of this .
cost . when i get sad i can't have babies i add up all the money i 've saved on tampons and pads .
it 's directly proportional to how much iced coffee i drink .
the goddamn jelly fish 's you get every time you stand up or sneeze . also cant forget the period diarrhea
crockpot liners just clean your dish ? what 's so hard about that ?
that damn stomach wraps people were trying to sell a while back ago . that was supposed to help you lose weight but all they did was rearrange your insides if they were put on too tight . really any type of weight loss supplement or that detox bullshit . most of that stuff is snake oil .
i have n't been on a beach vacation without being on my period since the 8th grade . i 'm 24 now , and my in-laws just invited my husband and i to the beach this summer , and guess who will again be on their period ... so today , that 's the most annoying thing about periods for me .
from what i understand there are many disabled people can use a paper , silicon , reusable plastic , or metal straw for the most part but there are also many disabled people that can't and they only option is a disposable plastic straw . in those cases i think the burden falls on companies to create a viable reusable straw for disabled people . i do n't think just continuing to use plastic is acceptable without working towards a solution . with all the science and technology available there is a way to manufacture a similar option that 's environmentally friendly . i do n't think the answer is “ well , disposable straws are the only option so therefore they should be allowed “ ( generally speaking-not directed at you ) . i think it should be a temporary exception until a better option is created not something we just give up in and accept . i do n't think just continuing to allow plastic straws forever is responsible or acceptable . we should be actively finding an option that works for all people
gosh . so many things . maybe half the stuff they sell on those cheap web shops ? and any single use plastic . i 'm trying to not buy anything wrapped in plastic but it 's frekin impossible .
removed for derailing . if you have any questions , please message the moderators through the mod mail link on the sidebar .
removed for derailing . if you have any questions , please message the moderators through the mod mail link on the sidebar .
i become hyper aware of them . over analyze every single thing that happened if we interacted or * would have if we actually talked * ...
honestly i just have fruits and raw veggies , maybe dip them in some peanut butter . simple , quick and healthy
i buy bottled water bottles but reuse them for a few months at a time , refilling at the tap . i would like to have a more sustainable bottle , but they 're almost always metal , and water out of metal tastes awful to me .
i like to use it for really gross stuff ( for example when one of my cats had to throw up ) so that my rags are n't getting so dirty that i have to wash them alone .
can i ask how often would you see each other when you both decided you were exclusive and serious ?
one of my best friends is in one and it does n't seem to be working out well .
hello , / u / jimmyfallonsfallus , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed for seeking advice about a specific person or personal situation . r / askwomen is about receiving answers from the community about their own opinions and experiences rather than seeking input on specific personal situations . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
i was thinking about this the other day ( currently crushing on a nurse at work ) and going back to when you 're a kid and got teased for liking someone , and i guess that gets rooted in us because that 's how we grew up . but now as adults , in trying to convince that yeah , it 's fine to like this person , they 're quite attractive and quite friendly , of course i 'm crushing on them .
hello sugarhighsince 2015 . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
fruit or vegetables wrapped in plastic . the other day i saw potatoes that were individually wrapped in a plastic heat shrink .. like you know you can just wash them and peel them right ...
hello , / u / leather-performer 807 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed for seeking advice about a specific person or personal situation . r / askwomen is about receiving answers from the community about their own opinions and experiences rather than seeking input on specific personal situations . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
i get tampons that have no applicators . i was out shopping with a friend and when she saw me pick them up she told me i had to try these other ones with an applicator because they were the best and the applicator was amazing etc etc . i dislike unsolicited advice at the best of times , but for some reason i find it 's especially annoying when it 's about something like this .
red . i have a ton of different shades of red
i saw this movie was a kid and knew i was watching something i probably should n't . but , i loved it . i felt like i was getting to watch something taboo . the wonderful art stuck with me , to the point where i periodically rewatch and got a whole leg tattoo dedicated to it . i adore the book , as well .
omg i at least thought it 'd be some type of reusable cloth glove . it 's just a regular old plastic glove , but pink :skull: not to mention , i 've definitely gotten my hands messy removing cups , but never tampons and pads ? the absorption helps reduce the amount of blood you actually come in contact with .
paper is a much more sustainable industry than the cotton used to make reusable towels
cereal or a small veggie / charcuterie tray . i might pay more for precut veggies but it helps to make sure i eat more of them .
if you 're prepping large quantities of vegetables that you need cut very thin a mandolin is pretty much essential . definitely a huge difference from doing it by hand
it hurts me more than it hurts you , i promise . literally . xd
holy heck i did n't even know that was a thing . like silent pads with velcro was n't enough do you remember those ? i think they stopped making them or maybe they still do but i found it wild lol
jizz if you will
i nearly stepped into the road into the path of an oncoming car earlier . it was a 2 min walk . i was on reddit .
buying a box of cookies that you have never bought before and realizing that every cookie is individually packaged . 3 times wrapped bread in plastic .
that 's a good question . the package claimed it was refreshing lmao
my house , probably a grilled cheese because it 's so cheap since we always have bread , butter and cheese on hand . lol . sometimes i use mayo for them , can't really tell the difference . sometimes i 'll use a leftover and put it in the sandwich , like taco meat or chicken . :/
oh yeah , people get worried about me if i go to drink tap water . we have great tasting , cold tap water here . i find bottled water has a really off-putting taste , some are worse than others . you could n't pay me to drink disani or aquafina , it 's so gross .
your submission has been removed because your title does not include a question mark . please ensure your title is properly formatted to be a descriptive , open-ended question . if you think you have received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for lacking a question mark " & message =) . thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
actor
i was 12 . i would take my dog for a walk and men would cat call me from their cars . it still happens unfortunately :face_with_rolling_eyes:
" sustainable " reusable utensil kits . you already have reusable utensils ... your kitchen is full of them . in general anything that markets itself as sustainable but has you buying a ton of new things that costs a lot of resources to make ticks me off . people forget the " reduce " part of " reduce reuse recycle "
hello , / u / sedbiss , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as answers to common or recently asked questions can be found in the faq or through the search bar . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
hello , / u / sofiacarrera , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this sort of question is not what this subreddit is for . moderators reserve the right to remove posts that are not in the best interest of the community . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
hello , / u / excellent_ad _9725 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this subreddit has themed days : [ matefree monday ] ( HTTPURL ) and [ thersday ] ( HTTPURL ) . please review the rules for themed days . for more information on today 's specific theme or the available megathreads , please see the stickied post on the / r / askwomen front page for more details . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
i only had them three times , nevertheless i think they are very pretty and make me feel more confidant . do not pull on them or rub your eyes too much . listen to the place that made them about how to take care of them and what products to use . then you should be good to go .
hello , / u / redheadedd 3m0n , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed for seeking advice about a specific person or personal situation . r / askwomen is about receiving answers from the community about their own opinions and experiences rather than seeking input on specific personal situations . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
kitchen roll holder .
wo n't let you ? what else wo n't he allow you to do further down the road when you get married . ask him that .
yeah if he 's getting that angry over something as small as this i would n't marry him .
sounds too specific a question to me . i think this subbreddit has to be about something general
i 'm sorry , “ let you ? ” i 'd keep my name and let him keep his ring .
i bought a nävlinge led clamp spotlight from ikea . it worked so well ! i 've had it in every rental i 've ever been in .
yesssss :clapping_hands: :clapping_hands:
commando baby . it 's the final frontier .
wearing a sun dress
if it 's an ultimatum i 'd choose to keep my name . i mean , if he 's giving you ultimatums about this now , imagine what kind of shit he 's going to be haranguing you about once you 're married .
obsessed
omgggggg ! ! ! i am so getting one
i actually like the amazon essentials cotton briefs - vs is my go-to for the pretty stuff though
those individually wrapped pieces of fruit . all i see is single use plastics .
i do this with my hair dryer before i get in . i 'll need to bring my space heater next time !
out of all smells they could choose from , why menthol ? !
something tells me that cookie rank .
someone kind , that can make me laugh and leave me alone when i need it . someone that does n't get mad at me when i 'm having a tough time , and supports me , and is in turn open and honest when they 're having a tough time . someone social that i can go out with and have fun , and loves me for who i am and does n't try to change me to fit their image . also someone who does n't fit everything i 'm looking for , and is n't perfect . i love peoples quirks and issues .
> we are all able to do it with our own hand . untrue .
like an idiot . i dontlike having crushes . so here i am emotionally unavailable :)
bridge to terribethia
your submission has been removed : this is a common topic or recently asked question . please have a look at the front page , use the search bar , or have a look at our faq . today is [ thersday ] ( HTTPURL ) , where we are only allowing questions centered towards women outside of all relationships with others . if your post meets all other requirements , you are welcome to repost tomorrow ! * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
meundies and i can't go back lol
your submission has been removed because this question contains a post title or topic that is already active or commonly discussed . we are not accepting any new submissions regarding this post / topic this time so please search the subreddit using keywords before reposting . you can view our faq [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) or search the subreddit . you can always go to r / findareddit to find the right place for your post . if you think you received this message in error , link your post & please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was auto-removed for asking for asking about a commonly asked subject . " & message =) . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
red
woxer
concealer and foundation make-up can be a great creative outlet , but products geared toward " correcting flaws " are harmful and disproportionally target women with the sole intent of fostering insecurities that 'll pry our wallets open . i 'm not knocking anyone who wears these products . i used to all the time , and i 'm still often tempted . it just sucks that in 2022 , the world still feels entitled to tell women their natural appearance is unacceptable .
this was me too , including the growing pains . i maxed out at 5 ' 4 " .
i 'm proud of you and how far you 've come . said by my dad :heart_suit:
right ? i had one woman i know saying she was to " throw away " all her disposable hygiene products because she bought a cup and period underwear . i had to explain to her how it was more wasteful . at best donate your disposable ones to women shelters .
what ?
i feel the same . i have a pear / hour-glass shape and i would n't trade it for the world .
frozen meals or order something .
jockey still makes the most comfortable undies i 've ever worn . sexy ? not really . comfortable ? absolutely .
gah and people get so mad at you if you drink tap water . my parents house is in a place where they have safe , good tasting water , plus a filter right on the tap . you 'd think my mother was going to pop a blood vessel when i fill up a cup . she 's never lived anywhere with unsafe water so i do n't know why she 's got this habit , and frankly a lot of cheap bottled water tastes like dirt .
i stopped growing at 11 , i was and am 5ft7 , i hated being so tall next to my friends , i felt stupid next to them . then everyone caught up ( boys shot up taller than me ) and i felt fine , i 'm happy being neither short or tall .
7 . i did n't realize what was happening because they were speaking spanish but my dad went off .
my daughter was first catcalled just before her 12th birthday . i was with her and we were out doing a virtual 12k . she asked if i heard “ that , ” and thought it was so funny . i explained what it was and why it 's an indicator that the man is disgusting . i mostly drive her everywhere , hopefully she wo n't experience it very much during her childhood .
i had so many nightmares about the donkey scene as a child .
can't people with certain disabilities not have much choice but to use plastic straws ? i do n't know a shit ton about it but i seem to remember an issue where so far all accessible replacements are either choking / injury hazards or are n't positionable and that kind of thing
working out everyday .
paper towels and kleenex ! ! im guilty of this too at work but at home i clean with cloth , use cloth napkins , etc . i even use hankies . it 's literally way cheaper over time to invest in good quality linens than to have to buy paper products all the time . not to mention paper products are almost always made out of 100 % new materials . i fear that because of paper towels and kleenex , we have developed an ick around reusable cloths and especially hankies . may i remind you that humans used cloth for everything way longer than paper towel or kleenex has even existed !
if i need to set boundaries with a friend at all , that 's a red flag . i had a friend who took a dollar out of my wallet to give it to a guy in exchange for a cigarette . we are not friends anymore .
tomboyx and meundies .
i write about it . i noticed for myself that if i just ignore it and try to move on in the quiet moments it will sneak up on me again , yet after writing about it and letting it all out once and for all lets me really let go of things . after that there are not what if i had done that or this moments any more and i feel like i finally did everything i wished i would have done and said what i wanted to say .
i have a long shaggy now and it is super comfy cause no maintenance at all .
absolutely love them ! . all my dogs i 've had , my family rescued . my one i have now i found it whilst at the pound when my fam was trynna look for a smaller dog but myself and the dog helped persuade him to let us choose him instead . but that was after a smaller dog my dad was about to pick was going home , thankfully ! ! . he 's super adorable , my bub and we know he 'd protect us well .
try once in 6 months ... ):
life in general
thisd post has been removed for breaking several rules . please read the rules before posting . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post .
i am the mom friend in my group . where can i find a mom friend for me ? ! haha ! like i always carry my own snacks , water , extra sunscreen on a trip but sometimes it would feel nice if someone else had a surprise snack for me .
a goal of two times per week ! ? dayum , good on you ! that is outstanding !
this post has been removed - this is a common topic . please use the search bar and check the faq . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post
my friends . they treat me like i 'm a kid and are controlling and rude .
ohhhh ! good one ! llllllllllove black sails .
of course
this post has been removed . today is thersday , where questions must be centered around women and their experiences outside of relationships with other people . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post .
this post has been removed . today is thersday , where questions must be centered around women and their experiences outside of relationships with other people . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post .
this post has been removed - we are not a subreddit for personal evaluation , advice , recommendations , or validation . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post
i 'm shit scared of dogs . no matter what the size is or how cute the dog is . i like looking at dog pictures but that 's it . when i was 7 , i was walking on the street beside our apartment with my sister and a group of street dogs surrounded us out of nowhere , i got my sister to stay behind me and got really close to being bitten . thankfully a neighbour saw the whole thing and she called out to us , to get behind her gates . before this incident i was comfortable walking my relative 's dogs or playing with them , but after this i stayed clear of dogs . sad to say , i can't even go near puppies , i was 18 and my friend 's puppy kept following me around but i just put up my legs on the chair even though i knew that it was harmless . so glad i could get this off my chest .
stay away from anything with sodium laureth sulfate in , which is unfortunately most shampoos and conditioners . it 's the stuff that makes them foam up nicely , but unfortunately it is n't very kind to people with sensitive skin and causes dandruff .
honestly i try to just get moving and try to pause my brain for a bit or distract it with gum or a lollipop or something
this post has been removed - we are not a subreddit for personal evaluation , advice , recommendations , or validation . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post
duh
this post has been removed - this is a common topic . please use the search bar and check the faq . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post
this post has been removed . today is thersday , where questions must be centered around women and their experiences outside of relationships with other people . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post .
thanks !
compromise and comprehensive communication , emotional intelligence from both sides , you need to be able to understand the others perspective
my boyfriend . but i refused give up yet.stupid me ✊🏼
thankyou <3
i really thought i was the only one with this issue . thanks for bringing up the topic ! my husband and i have a good line of communication about basically everything . so tonight i just asked him if he did n't find me attractive or something . he used the old “ i 'm just always tired , it 's not that i do n't find you attractive ” needless to say i did n't get much closure .
seems about right
last year , after the texas snowpocalypse . i was one of the no water or electricity for days , and my cell service was basically giving me no access to the outside world . could n't drive because of the icy hills and my h ‑ e ‑ b that 's walking distance was shut down for generator issues . and right before this my boyfriend broke up with me an hour before he was coming over to cook me dinner for my birthday . my job found a way to get us water and indian food the last few days , but since i eat carnivore for health reasons the rice messed with my blood sugar . my cravings lead to some binges , and my dance studio was shut down for longer . so i basically just felt hopeless . then my complex said they were changing the leases so i was at risk of not having a place to live within the next few months . my finances were also in the shitter . it was n't until i found a place , moved , was able to finally open a credit card and get a loan on my 401k and then took a week off in june to sleep and recharge that i started to feel fully ok . now i 'm fine , except that since it 's close to my bday and snowpocalypse anniversary i 'm having some anxieties !
i am sorry . hopefully , you 'll be somewhere better soon .
i will pet one when i see one but i would n't have one simply just bc they 're messy and too high maintenance . cats are the opposite
good , going on six months with my former best friend
that you 're in desperate need for shoe inlays
overthinking
i like to wear once but if i do n't have time to clean , maybe twice maybe thrice maybe five times
i think of cowboy stance lol , but overall does n't seem to bother me much .
i 'm not fat , i 'm fluffy .
i like them . but they require a lot of attention and responsibility i 'm unable to give so i admire them from afar .
existing
that i actually do n't need a man , women get me more haha
blunt bangs and long hair . i usually dye the front half red , the back half black . been rocking the ‘ do for the past 5 years
when i feel inferior to someone or feel people see them as better than me . usually in work . makes me work harder but i know it 's an unhealthy mindset .
never been on a date in my life . so bad . :thumbs_up:
hello aliciaboshoff . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i love dogs . i do not mind investing time and money on thier well being infact do like to invest time on them . the amount of love and care they show is beyond description . every dog has its own character and owners need to respect that , understand and teach them to change as the case be . a misbehaving dog is not the dog 's fault . a human is always involved in the equation .
oh definitely , that 's a smart thing to do ! i do really wish i could get out of working full time - there 's so much to do in life and i wish so much time was n't spent at a desk
as a bartender , simply being nice and friendly .
i adore it . it 's a huge green flag ( if they continue ) for me !
one method is to ask them why they say it . when i was a kid , a classmate kept making comments about my “ pig toes . ” one day i drew the courage to call her out on it . i do n't remember what i said or asked but she was horrified . she said she was n't making fun of me for being fat . her sister is fat and she would never make fun of people for it . she never commented on my toes again . sometimes , people do n't know they are being hurtful and they will stop if they are asked . sometimes , people will double down . you have to take the risk and ask .
oh , same . it 's a huge chunk of my sessions .
your submission has been removed because your title does not include a question mark . please ensure your title is properly formatted to be a descriptive , open-ended question . if you think you have received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for lacking a question mark " & message =) . thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
underwear + socks : once ( socks depend on if i 'm going out or not - socks you wear at home just hanging out , probably 3 times before wash ) bras : usually once every two weeks shirts : 2-4 times pre covid , once post covid pants : 2-3 times pre covid , once post covid pajamas : i usually wear pajamas for like a weekly bed , so after that week period . i shower at night , so i 'm clean when i go to bed .
i 'd have waited and looked around a little longer
anxious thoughts about stupid , never going to happen scenarios . if i 'm not fully engaged in a task , my anxiety sets in . the time in bed before i fall asleep is my least favorite time of day .
i 'm a lesbian stuck in a homophobic town . so not great .
i only wear dresses because they are comfortable . :heart_suit:
it affected me profoundly . as a child i would be in the change room with her , listening to her criticize her body . she was always too far , hated her ' gut ' and despised her scar from three c-sections . she was constantly dieting ( to varying degrees of ' success ' ) and no matter if the scale was up or down , she never seemed happy . i love my mom , but it has affected the way i have always viewed my own body and a factor in my bulimia . you always had to be ' trying to make an effort ' towards weight loss . trying to look at my body with loving gaze instead of a critical one is incredibly hard for me . she recently told me that my wedding was a good reason for her to lose weight and got defensive after i told her ' why ? why not work to be comfortable with how you look and focus on having fun instead ? ' . i guess photos you 'll look at once every 5 years are more important than having fun and being comfortable .
my bf 's love language is physical touch and he has a super high sex drive . i , on the other hand , have a low sex drive and physical touch is possibly my last love language . being the one to say no is truly heartbreaking . it has nothing to do with the person or how attractive we find them , and everything to do with simply our hormones and experience . :/ i adore him and truly love him and hate saying no . i wonder if your boyfriend feels the same .
ah i feel this .
playing with my cats . specifically , throwing my female cat 's catnip dynamite toy down the hallway and having her run at top speeds , and just seeing how much joy she was getting out of chasing it and playing with me .
thank you for posting to / r / askwomen . in order to give all users an equal opportunity to have their questions answered , we restrict submissions to once a day ( 24 hours ) . please wait 24 hours before submitting a new post . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake or you are submitting again after a removal by the moderators , please * * [ click here ! ] ( HTTPURL . ) * * [ askwomen rules ] ( / r / askwomen / w / rules ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( / r / askwomen / w / index ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL ) - - - ^ ^ boop ! ^ ^ bleep ! ^ ^ i ^ ^ am ^ ^ a ^ ^ bot . ^ ^ concerns ? ^ ^ message ^ ^ [ / r / askwomen ] ( HTTPURL ) . ^ ^ previous ^ ^ post ( s ): ^ ^ [ sdmefi ] ( HTTPURL ) ^ ^ | ^ ^ limit : ^ ^ 1 ^ ^ per ^ ^ 1d ^ ^ | ^ ^ next ^ ^ eligibility : ^ ^ 2022-01- 28 ^ ^ 01:40 ^ ^ utc
providing good customer service , making eye contact , adding and saying hi after years of not talking to them even though we 've never been romantic in the past anyway ... on that note , accepting a friend request too .
thank you so much for sharing ! yeah it sounds like a ton of doctors are n't even caught up on its existence and maybe would n't even have an idea of what to do ? we seriously need a larger focus on women 's health as a whole
i learned that it 's normal to not have vaginal pleasure when i was 25 . prior to that i thought i had sexual dysfunction .
if it 's extremely bad , you could ask a doctor and get a prescription dandruff shampoo . one of my friends has it .
all the things i need to do for tomorrow and the day after that and the day after that .
i think it 's quite romantic , especially when they go out of their way and go above the bare minimum ! i 'm a lover of jane austen and fairytale romances , so i may be biased on this front haha :grinning_face_with_sweat: what i dont like is how “ nice guys ” use chivalry . just because you 're nice does n't mean women owe you anything ! the chivalry i talk about is pre-established in a relationship . if the man is just naturally like that , they should n't expect anything from me if we are n't in a relationship .
* * man * * : " ugh , i 'm going crazy here . what do i have to do to make you want to have sex more frequently ? ? ! " * * woman * * : " honestly ? i 'd be more in the mood for sex if , on some nights , you would change the baby 's diaper and clean the dishes . not every night ! maybe just on tuesdays and thursdays ? " * * man * * : " um , no i was thinking more about something more sexual , like . . why can't you just pick something from the porns i like to watch ? i 'm just going to ignore that you told me exactly what to do and continue crying about being in a sex-starved marriage . " i 've seen this shit play out soooo many times in relationships when i was younger . though it seems as my friends and their sos get older , this seems to happen less frequently - - the men who behave like this get dumped and the women get better at sniffing out this behavior early .
they 're cute , i 'm okay with them , but would n't want one as a pet . i much prefer cats
overrated
what kind of question is this ? dogs are magical creatures that we must cherish , shelter and protect . pure unconditional love and they got super powers such as sensing when your blood sugar levels drop in a case you 're diabetic , how crazy is that . i actually think that all animals are extraordinary , i think they surprise more than people , people just keep disappointing .
she told me no men will love us if we were overweight . she gave me diet pills , taught me how to make myself vomit and trained me on not eating . as an adult i have severe body dysmorphia and weight gain problems . the mental struggle i have of being over weight but not able to lose the weight is very conflicting with the body dysmorphia and wanting to be 95 pounds again . it 's harder on my husband that can't get it through my head that he loves everything about me and very much loves my body .
alright , how about you ?
i know and understand myself . i 'm financially free . living in a apartment with an amazing downtown view , luxury car , lots of travel . there 's joy peace and freedom . my family is taken care of . i am just happy and content with my life .
history and horses . horses , i 've loved since i was 6 . i watched this show called horseland and it was my favorite . i would watch an episode every night before going to bed , and even now as an almost adult it 's a comfort show for me . upset ? watch horseland . i do n't own a horse , but i do frequent the barn almost every day and am saving up for my own . as for history , it started with hamilton in 2016 . i was deep into that fandom , but i wanted to know more . i started doing research , and started looking for more and more info about the era . ofc my interests have evolved since i was a young teenager , but 1700s america will always have a special place in my heart <3
is n't it literally standard practice to tell patients / parents what you 're doing / trying to do and why ? yikes .
that 's wonderful and exactly what i mean . i spent so many years surrounded with the phrase “ i wish you could find a man . ” by that time i 'd realized , even though i had goals to be married and have a family , it was not the * end goal , only goal , the pinnacle of success * i spent my whole childhood growing up being pushed and focused on getting married and having children ; the ultimate goal for the best life . even when i was a teenager and mentioned that college interested me . i kid you not , i was met with “ why ? you just need a good husband . ” ... honestly , and sadly , i know these things were said to me out of genuine love and caring but so completely misguided . i 'm so glad you found your footing , explored life for yourself and you 've also found happiness in an equally respectful marriage that does n't define either of you but adds positivity to each of your lives . congratulations .
how little i actually achieved during the day
nizoral is the best ! i have more seborrheic dermatitis that likes to flare up . as long i use the nizoral once a week , it stays under control . nioxin anti-dandruff works pretty well too . different main ingredient and bit pricier though .
listening to them
september 15 , 1979 . the first time i performed in marching band and fell in love
aight , sorry .
that sex drive can change , and there are a million factors that go into sex drive and a healthy sexual relationship . just like communication is the most important part is sex , it 's also the most important part of not having sex .
this post has been removed - this is a common topic . please use the search bar and check the faq . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post
i 'm not really much of a dog person ( i do n't like jumping and slobbering ) . but that being said , i * do * have a weak spot for pomeranians .
this post has been removed - we are not a subreddit for personal evaluation , advice , recommendations , or validation . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post
have you had any issues with a doctor reading blood tests differently ? i wondered whether i was also anaemic but after numerous blood tests some doctors said it was fine , and others said it was low ( i can imagine anaemia is ruled out at this point but still it 's left me very confused with the mixed messages ) i 'm just wondering if you 've experienced that !
this post has been removed for containing or soliciting graceless generalizations . people are not a hive mind . speak only for yourself , do not assume all people of a certain race , gender , sex , religion etc act a certain way . do not ask us to justify or defend other people 's behaviour . do not ask for mind reading . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post .
for me i moved in with my boyfriend before we were even dating . we 're best friends and we were going for the worlds longest sleepover lol . overtime we fell in love and little by little i started bringing more of my stuff over to his place . once we started dating he told me to grab the rest of my belongings and just officially move in . the transition was so smooth i honestly feel so lucky :sparkles:
this post has been removed . how are we supposed to know ? if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post .
thank you for your kindness . he was a really good boy and gave us many years of great memories .
i wish i was sleepy .
college .
my gold hoop earrings and shoes ! i have a wide variety of shoes lmao
physical - fine mentally - struggling emotionally - ready to collapse unless this is being said by joey then - * * giggles * *
hello molotov _86 . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i 'm quite literally insane .
literally just being nice . or laughing at their joke
your submission has been removed because this question contains a post title or topic that is already active or commonly discussed . we are not accepting any new submissions regarding this post / topic this time so please search the subreddit using keywords before reposting . you can view our faq [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) or search the subreddit . you can always go to r / findareddit to find the right place for your post . if you think you received this message in error , link your post & please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was auto-removed for asking for asking about a commonly asked subject . " & message =) . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i wear.a.bit of makeup and if im feeling extra i will put some fake eyelashes that are very minimal and realistic looking
nothing wrong with them unless they grow up and are still unable to see it as something that happens in real life . it is not fiction and it is n't funny either . i eventually became unable to enjoy true crime because i realized that it is real .
by also not wearing makeup ... sometimes i 'd get a facial to feel preppy
cheating , lying
your submission has been removed : we do not allow questions that needlessly exclude minority demographics . please use [ inclusive phrasing ] ( HTTPURL ) . limiting responses to majority demographics is not permitted . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
so i have to split this , i felt sexual at like ten but it was n't aimed at anyone until about fifteen . i was just happy with hands and thoughts and did n't want anyone else until later . so sexual ten and attraction at about fifteen .
your submission has been removed : this is not a sub for personal advice , evaluation , validation ( including " does anybody else ___ ? " questions ) , or recommendations . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
i make sure my face is hairless , ( chin , lip , etc . ) i get my eyes brows arched and makes use i 'm well moisturized . a d i will do a really good lip gloss or natural shade of lipstick
that you can do nothing wrong and still lose . actually , that lesson works for a lot of things in life !
it helped me get my pep in my step back . it 's not that i started focusing on myself , but i started focusing on what brings happiness into my life , went to therapy and started to better my life . i focused on the values that i have that are important to me , and have been more kind to myself . in fact , i probably think of myself less than i used to . i do n't care what people think of me because i am proud of the person i am today . i stopped worrying so much about what other people thought of me , started to recognize my value and got rid of things in my life that are no longer beneficial to me . i started setting boundaries , and kept to them . it was not an easy thing to do , but now i enjoy each day a little bit more .
being mistreated ! i can not stand someone who does n't treat me with the respect i deserve
i think it 's crucial to have your own funds , but have no problem with also having a joint account for joint expenses .
dissociation nation baby !
usually i 'll fill my brows a bit , neutral eyeshadow , eyeliner , and a swatch of lipstick on the lips and cheeks . i 'm not good at doing the ornate and fancy looks like smoky eyes , it just makes me look like a racoon .
i dig out some old makeup and home it has n't hardened . buy the cheapest blush / eyeshadow / mascara and tinted lipgloss i can find . maybe us a tinted moisturizer . as soon as i 'm home i scrub it off cuz that shit itches .
cutting my mom out when she would ignore my boundaries .
i have a bunch of make up that i prolly use a few times a year . every year i chuck a few because they are past their date . it takes me an hour to do my make up because i am not used to it . if i do my hair add another 30-45 mins . luckily i have waves so all i need to do is put on some mousse and scrunch it and pin it .
no arguing . fighting is a sign of incompatibility and this is how people get themselves beat .
1 . cheating . 2 . lying 3 . withholding information - not necessarily lying but also not coming clean . these hurt the most to me because it 's someone knowing their actions were wrong and actively choosing to hurt you
be with someone less conventionally attractive but so much fun , loving , caring and i think he is gorgeous with his big belly , his hairy chest and his crooked noz :smiling_face_with_hearts:
you 're amazing too ! ( ( hugs ) ) be extra good to yourself
your submission has been removed : this is a common topic or recently asked question . please have a look at the front page , use the search bar , or have a look at our faq . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
to fictional characters ? somewhere around 4 ( i 'm sorry simba :loudly_crying_face: ) . to real human beings ? probably around 17-19 .
i was homeless for a while in my early 20s . it was rough . i was working two full time jobs , one from 8-5 and one from 7pm - 2am . i found time to shower at gas stations or friends houses . luckily i did have a car , which was helpful because it would get in the low-teen degrees at night during the winter and it provided a little bit of protection from a bunch of things that happen at night to people that are n't fortunate enough to have a car to sleep in . i ended up working enough to save up and go to college , and that got me a place to stay for a little bit , but i had some addiction issues , so i wound up in rehab shortly after starting college . it was there that i really turned my life around . many people that go to rehab end up going back over and over again and have issues staying sober ( at least from my experience ) . i was lucky to \ * get it \ * the first time and slowly built my life back up . today i have a beautiful home with just my child , myself , and our two dogs and i have a great big bed that i get to sleep in every night . i definitely do n't take it for granted , and i think my experiences helped me appreciate the little things in my life today , and also helps me to be kind to those that society tends to look down on . it costs nothing to be kind , so i try to spread that wherever i can .
i do n't get invited to any :confused_face:
on weekends for days out , simple eye ( shadow , liner , mascara ) paired with lip gloss or chapstick . formal events i 'll put a full face to include a slight contour , but this make up will take less 20 mins with mistakes . lol .
i 've also found that walking like you 're on a mission , staring far into the distance in the direction you 're headed , and just generally coming across as confident ( shoulders back , good posture ) tends to stop people bothering you . they also tend to move out of the way if they 're walking towards you .
me too ! best decision for me and also for him . when i dumped him , it was his wake up call . he got the addiction help that i had been pushing for . ngl , it kind of irritated me that he did n't get help until after he destroyed our relationship , but whatever . i 'm in a much happier place .
cheating on me .
moving away from my home town
try a tinted moisturizer . origins vitazing is awesome !
mascara and tinted lipgloss
i simply exist as a goth .
brought boys to the yard .
learning about and establishing boundaries .
if he made fun of my hair . i have great hair .
i dont wear make up daily . usually just sunday morning . if im going to formal events def . make up for formal events
hello , / u / independent_mix 7194 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as it contains or solicits graceless generalizations . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
about 20 when i realized i liked women ..
i do n't wear makeup during the week because of my job but when i go out , i blast music and go all out . make-up , hair and outfit . it makes me feel great !
they make you want to be a better person , and you feel like your truest self around them . you have similar values but you may think or approach problems differently .
i 'm so sorry to hear this . feel free to reach out if you need someone to talk to . i hope you find / regain the support system .
i had 3 rules that weeded out a lot of people 1 ) if they start talking about a second date before the first has even happened :cross_mark: expecting too much from you too fast 2 ) if all they say is hey how was your day ? :cross_mark: ya boring 3 ) if you get mad i do n't respond back within 1-2 hours :cross_mark: you probably have severe anxiety or control issues
love this !
i take a shower , wear formal clothes , brush and dry my hair , and look hot while doing it . i actually have a lot of self confidence issues but i find pretending i have a large ego to be quite helpful .
you 'll be less anxious and scared if you arent a fan . it 's fine to be a fan but it should n't be your only form of entertainment when it comes to the stories you consume
nicotine obs ...
how is that working out for you . ?
i wear makeup ... or do n't . depends on my mood , level of confidence , and / or what we 're doing .
my face and personality ? it is hard fore to connect with people
i put on makeup if i feel like it . i am decent with makeup i am just incredibly lazy and am a dr and wear a mask all day
it feels easy , and even boring at times . but that 's only because there is a shared sense of values and morals . i do n't feel that hot passion like i did in the beginning but now instead , when i look at him , i feel home .
my so being unhappy with our relationship in some way , never telling me and thus denying us the opportunity to work on things and make things better . that would suck .
mascara and maybeeee foundation . i get ready within 20-30 minutes haha
i do like to put on makeup for special occasions , and i think i do it pretty well , though without any proper technique . i do n't think what i do would count as a “ full face ” in the makeup world , but it involves eyeshadow , eyeliner , concealer ( or foundation / bb cream ? not entirely sure of the difference ) , and sometimes lipstick . it generally takes me about a half hour to do the whole thing and as much as i like how it makes me look , i just can't be bothered to put in the effort with any regularity .
i like the inaccessibility , like i have to really work hard to impress her and then the reward feels greater
depends on my mood . i might wear a bit of lipstick or maybe some eye makeup or maybe no makeup like usual . it 's my clothing and accessories that create the vibe for the occasion
haha , love seeing someone benefit from this .
this ! i thought something was wrong with me lol
your submission has been removed because this question contains a post title or topic that is already active or commonly discussed . we are not accepting any new submissions regarding this post / topic this time so please search the subreddit using keywords before reposting . you can view our faq [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) or search the subreddit . you can always go to r / findareddit to find the right place for your post . if you think you received this message in error , link your post & please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was auto-removed for asking for asking about a commonly asked subject . " & message =) . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
very true , does n't make cheating right !
you probably lack self awareness like all of us . only you could be an extreme case .
seven years ago i decided to stop drinking . it was by far the best thing i could do for my mental health as it just exacerbated my anxiety and depression . i also decided to start taking nutrition and fitness seriously and that is my sense of therapy . it keeps my mind busy and active but i 've noticed that now that i 'm more physically healthy , my mental health has followed along as well
i make sure i do n't go over the top or else i will feel self conscious . i wear make up so rarely at this point that i only buy sample sizes in everything because it will expire before i can use it . usually i will wear the following : light foundation , concealer , bronzer and blush , a brow hell , eye liner , a small amount of highlighter or a highlighting shadow on the inside corner of my eyes , and mascara . it takes me about 10-15 minutes tops , usually the liner taking me the longest because i 'm out of practice . do n't be afraid to watch a youtube tutorial if needed ! every once in a while i 'll do that or google new techniques if i have something coming up like a wedding where i know i 'll wear make up .
that i have daddy issues .
i actually prefer that . i loved how in the marvelous mrs . maisel i regularly forgot she had 2 kids because they were talked about so rarely .
shrooms and the gym
that boys will be boys until women stop indulging them .
reading several self health books and staying off fb as much as possible
black winged eyeliner and red lipstick . simple and classic . or if thats too bold ... maybe nude lipstick and gloss ?
i do n't wear make up for those occasion either . my clothing and hair are more done up for those special occasions .
in college , i 'd do full face makeup every single day . since then , i 've at least eased back to just doing my eye makeup , mostly since my skin has gotten better , and i do n't feel the need to cover it up as much ( plus , i imagine not putting foundation and everything else on my face every day probably helped with this ) . as soon as i started working from home during covid , i stopped makeup for work altogether ( and would only really do makeup if i actually " went out , " which was also rare with avoiding going to too many places ) . i actually started to * miss * doing makeup , so i designated fridays as my makeup days and would at least do eye makeup on fridays . now , with going into work twice per week , i 'll do eye makeup for that , but i 'm still not about to do makeup just to sit at home on zoom all day . but i have to say ... if i 'm going anywhere and i want to look like i put in * some * effort , like to my house tours recently since i 've been trying to buy a house , i definitely will throw on some mascara and use a little brow mascara on my eyebrows . when i think back to college , i never would have imagined myself being okay with * just * that , but honestly , it gets the job done .
body oil and a fire lip . i usually do a liner , stick , gloss combo .
i think because i was the scapegoat in my family i attracted people who took advantage of me . now i 'm a single mom . i will tell you the minute men and women at times find out your a single mom and vulnerable they take advantage . people are wired . everything 's harder .
i still keep it pretty simple - bit of mattifying powder / powder foundation , a neutral coloured lipstick and coloured contacts ( grey is my fav ) . maybe mascara . i find that the contacts really make my eyes pop so i dont need any extra makeup !
oh i 'm so sorry ! and i can completely understand how you 're feeling . your home should be the safest place in your life . if you do n't have that , then everything else feels unsafe .
that 's all i used to wear , mascara . once i started wearing glasses full time ~ in my 40s i gave it up . no one ever said a word .
your comment has been removed because : your karma is too low to participate on askwomen . you will be able to participate when your karma has increased . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
awesome , thank you !
while other kids were obsessed with dinosaurs , i was obsessed with serial killers . i am a big believer in letting kids nurture their natural interests . their minds will always be broadened .
i have some issues with the true crime genre and it 's community in general , but i think it 's very normal for young people , especially girls to gravitate toward it . i think true crime , similar to horror , is a way for girls to see and experience the anxiety that comes with being a girl in a safe environment . i grew up watching unsolved mysteries , forensic files , and reading lois duncan 's true crime novel . i still watch a bit every now and then , but so think that that genre can be pretty exploitative at times and i think it 's important to have that discussion with the young people watching it .
this is awful ! i 'm so glad you got out of that relationship .
i 'm an introvert . year 1 of the pandemic , i thought it was great . my job temporarily switched to work from home , and that reduced my stress levels greatly . year 2 of the pandemic ... eeeh . our government 's priority shifted from keeping people safe to " go back to work , but do n't do or go anywhere that might spread covid " . that mindset has done a number on my mental health recently . i 'm expected to expose myself at work but i can't travel or do anything fun in public ? i 'm not a sociable person , but i do enjoy small gatherings now and then . i hate this . i hate our priorities .
love is important , but it 's not enough to sustain a relationship .
" why do n't you call up [ name of company ] and ask if they 're hiring ? " okay , mom . i love you . really , i do . and i do n't know if you 've noticed , but it 's not 1983 anymore .
this is literally what my girlfriend does and always prepares her outfit the night before work
thank you for this comment :red_heart: i really needed to hear that
my very best tip is to message back and forth a bit and then do n't respond for 24-48 hours . a normal person will either 1 ) not send you more messages in that time frame or 2 ) send you one more message like " hey saw this meme and thought of you " or " so what 's your favorite zoo animal . " an insane person will message you a bunch more , call you a bitch , say " you 're too ugly anyway , " etc .
umm .. we puts the makeups on and we goes ? ? :eyes:
when shit does n't add up ! ! ! also sexual assault
quickly , and usually at the last minute
no makeup is the best
i personally would never ever have one . i am very independent and i have my own buckets for my own different savings . i do not want to be hostage to someone else 's actions , especially involving money . you can easily transfer from one account to another to pay someone back , why mix financials ? but i 'm also child free and intend to work , so i do not need anyones money , i can afford whatever i want on my own , so why would i mix my finances with someone else ? even if they were my husband ? no benefit on my end . if i was a sahm i might think something else , but i would never do that so for me personally , it 's a no .
going to therapy after my divorce . in 23 years with a controlling.and.abusive person i had lost myself . literally . my therapist saved my life , helped me see the manipulation and literally brainwashed person i had become . he helped me find myself buried under the ashes and 20 years later i still use the basics i learned to manage everyday life . i have never been anything but myself since and i will never change for anyone again .
omg i entirely forgot about emergency 911 ! they used to show that late at night here in the netherlands , and as i was one of those kids with their own tv i would watch a lot of these type of shows after bedtime .
i just put on a little bit .
i have a very low opinion of other ppl .
aww yeah you are right ! i 'm also going to try to teach her not to feel embarrassed if a man is inappropriate to her and let her know it 's ok to tell people to fuck right off !
he was getting handsy while i said " no " several times . i said " if you are n't going to respect my boundaries then you 're going to have to leave . " he said " oh yeah ? " and laughed . realized in that moment that nothing i said would have made him stop .
i was alone in a house with him and three other boys doing a project for english class . in one of the breaks , he told me that they could rape me together and nobody would find out or come to help me . i was 17 years old . i 've never told anyone except my psychologist and a female friend .
ageplay . there is something that makes me crushed inside when i see an adult acting like a child . not even disgusted , just sad and somewhat like breaking down and crying . i have never actually tried it but adults acting like children makes me feel this weird anxiety and dysphoria even in non-sexual context like comedy , kids ' education or advertisements .
you sound exactly like my sister haha
your submission has been removed : graceless generalizations are not permitted * people are not a hive mind . * speak only for yourself . * * do not * * * generalize across all people of a gender , race , or ethnicity . * ask for mind reading . * ask for us to defend / explain / justify other people 's behaviors . * assume that all people in a gender , race , or ethnicity do / think something . * ask for " male equivalent " / " female equivalent " as these would not exist for most things due to different cultural processes . * exceptions : discussion of cultural norms ; quotations * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
true . but if it 's of any comfort , your daughter has you to keep her protected . it 's still a shitty world but she has one more person on her side than the rest .
your submission has been removed because your title does not include a question mark . please ensure your title is properly formatted to be a descriptive , open-ended question . if you think you have received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for lacking a question mark " & message =) . thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
redistribution of wealth
hello wanderingbricoleur . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
it depends on context , because this particular thing can , and usually is , very toxic behavior . unless the person has a great sense of style , is interested in fashion , or you 've mentioned wanting to try something new with your wardrobe . i 'd take this advice very cautiously .
hello , / u / ashishgrg 04 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as answers to common or recently asked questions can be found in the faq or through the search bar . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
that if he did n't ‘ love ' me he would probably rape me . ex boyfriend from when i was 15 . he ended up assaulting a 13/14 year old at 18 .
subtle hillbilly ? i did n't like prom but i was n't a big highschool person and i made the mistake of going with my then bf ( ex now ) who was just not good
i am in a different country and , at that point i did n't had familly or a reliable support what so ever , but we were hanging out since i did n't know a lot of people . one night he was drunk and went from a platonic conversation to “ i am glad that you are not here , otherwise i would have done some bad things to you ” . i was shocked and really scared after that , decided to block him everywhere and never come back
he was hitting on me and when i rejected him he said “ we 'll see ” . i fucking terrified me .
i 've had multiple men ( separate occasions ) tell me that every woman likes being choked during sex . it baffled me every time . i say baffled because i can't help but wonder is it that these individuals believe that all women are the same , or that women will like what men tell them to like , or are they just violent people that do n't understand consent . then i wonder if all three options are essentially the same thing . and boom i 'm spiraling down the rabbit hole .
he was okay with genocide . he talked in detail of how bad people of a particular religion are . i talked to him for an hour saying that 's not okay . his final statement was how pure and innocent i am . that i do n't know how the world works . i said okay and have n't spoken to him over an year . he said he should n't have that to me and costed our friendship . even now , he is sorry he told me not that he is okay with murder of innocent people .
my husband ( possibly the most passive aggressive man on earth ) , used to do this to me a lot . the silent treatments might last as long as a week . sometimes i did n't even know why it was happening . he would n't tell me . it was very cruel . after 15 years of this i started doing it back . he really hates it . our marriage has become a war of silences .
i would hug her and tell that you 'll be okay and survive and live pass 20 :crying_face: and you made it kid it gets better
hello , / u / physicianextender , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as answers to common or recently asked questions can be found in the faq or through the search bar . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
certain “ standards ” should be the same for anyone . your partner should treat you kindly and respectfully . they should be honest . their actions should match their words . you should feel seen and heard by them . other “ standards ” that have to do with things like looks , height , build , wealth , status ... everyone is allowed to have their preferences in terms of what they 're attracted to , but i think those kinds of preferences can become unrealistic . if you 're going to have superficial standards for a potential partner , be ready for the partner you want to have standards of their own . on a similar note , do n't be waiting for a partner to come and save you . i know a few women who are really unhappy in their own lives , but instead of changing things that are within their own power , they keep wishing for a man to come to their rescue . for example , being stuck in a dead end job , not having enough money to move out of their parents ' house or afford nice things - but instead of applying to better jobs or getting more qualifications , and building their own careers , they 're putting their efforts into trying to date a guy with money . i mean , it could happen for them eventually , but so far no dice . they talk about it being hard to find a guy because their standards are too high , but ... the guys they want to date are probably dating other women who are n't waiting around at home .
hello , / u / em837 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as answers to common or recently asked questions can be found in the faq or through the search bar . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
“ put out or get out . ” he woke me up holding a gun on me with those exact words .
they ask you questions about yourself . when you like someone , you want to know more about them .
ooofta
hello , / u / __doll12 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as questions are required to be descriptive and open-ended . the title to your post must be a descriptive question . please do not answer your own question in the post title or description . yes / no questions where only one of the responses leads to an open-ended prompt are not open-ended . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
cure for cancer
it 's the sad reality for us is n't it . it 's shit ! i have a daughter and i 'm so frightened for her when she grows up .
i usually only talk about it to people in my life who will be in my life forever because they need to understand certain things about how i function and why it can be hard doing " normal things " . but in the past , i know everyone deals with something to some extent or knows someone else who does too . it can backfire , especially for jobs , but by not talking about it we 're dealing with it alone and it 's more common than we may think .
your comment has been removed : [ derailing ] ( HTTPURL ) of the topic is not permitted . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
are you a woodsy rural or desert or what ?
i gotta say living in a small town now , the food sucks lol . i 'm realizing i gotta continue with my cooking practice to make it here long term
your submission has been removed : this is a common topic or recently asked question . please have a look at the front page , use the search bar , or have a look at our faq . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
ohh no . i am so sorry to hear that . what a shitty world that either we know things or we do n't , it 's all fucked up .
your comment has been removed : [ derailing ] ( HTTPURL ) of the topic is not permitted . * * have questions about this moderator action ? [ click here to contact the moderation team . ] ( HTTPURL ) * * do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , * * please include a link * * to the removed content for review . [ askwomen rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ askwomen faq ] ( HTTPURL ) [ reddit rules ] ( HTTPURL ) | [ reddiquette ] ( HTTPURL )
someone else has it worse . if they can get through this , i can . it 's a super toxic thing to tell anyone else who 's struggling , but it helps me look at a situation from a different perspective . it also helps me calm down and start thinking rationally again .
this is the way ! jealousy is a waste of time and energy .
nope
by the looks of what he said those ain't his only issues holy fuck
that he had this rape fantasy with me where he wanted to tie me to his bed , hold a knife up to my throat and everytime i 'd flinch or move ... well ya know . i just asked him how his day was going . needless to say i cut off contact .
absolutely here with you . my instinct is always to decline plans because i was never able to accept an invitation as a young person . when i do go out , i 'm pretty sure my introversion and easy fatigue in social settings is the result of being trained to be alone throughout my formative years .
i 'll be by edwin mccain
either you act right or i leave . not having me is a loss for them anyways ( i 'm saying that in the least arrogant way possible )
agreed . even if it 's only 5 % of guys in a population of several million that 's quite a lot of guys . sorry you had to deal with them too , it 's just tiresome and depressing for everybody .
removed for containing gendered slurs . if you have any questions please message the moderators through the link on the sidebar .
the 7 tons of make up or else you are not a woman . i never in my life wore makeup and i always got questioned why ( only from women men liked the no make up face )
when i start saying “ no ” to things i really did n't want to do , but felt social presssure to do them
unfortunately by that age i had been sexually assaulted a few times so i was hyper aware . thanks .
it hurts . a lot . i 'm only worth talking to if you have a chance to fuck me . i feel abandoned and worthless as a human . it 's the same as when they cut off all contact when they get into a relationship .
depends how much they mean to me .
i did not get any help from my parents on college , buying a home , or vehicles . they did help me with small stuff when i was younger , but the big purchases i did on my own
do n't die cuz then you can't die ^ lol
all of them , which is very sad .
anal . my boyfriend asked to try it once and i was like “ why the hell not ? ” it did n't hurt , but he got one finger in and it just felt like i really had to poop . not a comfortable feeling . a few weeks later i asked to try again with the penis and he got like 1/3 in and i was like “ still nope . ” it 's just not something i can get myself into . it feels too weird .
he told me about types of clothes / accessories he thought were cute on a girl , then said i should try wearing them
i really truly do . i 'm very lucky .
if i was n't into it , why would i want to ' try hard ' ? there 's alot of stuff people are into , most of it i 'm not into . anal , violence , daddy / mommy , food in bed .. i 'll pass on all that nonsense every time .
in that hour and half while waiting , did you contact them ?
good for you that you understood how twisted it was . it would have been terrifying for a 15 year old .
for example , i started telling people that ignoring me / giving the silent treatment out of anger is something i do n't tolerate ( past a certain point . a few hours of space is different than a week of ignoring calls / texts / interaction . ) i 've lost people over this but my mental health has benefitted greatly .
random parking lot attendant , in an empty garage underground , to me : “ lay down in the bed of my truck and drink this tea . ”
what 's not safe in your experience ? the distance or people ( or both ? )
i moved from a big city to a smallish town . the population of the city i lived in was more than the total number of people in my whole state . i miss the big city often . but i love that i can go outside and look at the stars and that the people seem more genuine here . not sure if i will end up moving back to a city though .
to be super skinny but also have curves but do all of this naturally which is borderline impossible . social media has really messed with my sense of self worth
anal and spitting just no . might work for some but i do n't think so .
them fighting
i prefer not to say , cause i 'm scared of them , but i worry to much about losing people i love .
none of them . i completely ignore the standards .
same . could never go to birthday parties , but remember my dad flipping out once because i insisted on going to my best friend 's birthday party when i was 10 . they made me go with an adult chaperone . tons of questions when i came home , and not in a nice conversational way . i avoided parties after that till i was in university and even then just could n't shake off the feeling i was doing something wrong . i rarely ever go to any as an adult
be kind . be brave . do n't be a dick
children need to get sick to collect antibodies to survive as an adult . not to mention all the medical staff and people who have jobs because of that . maybe no severe illnesses , but then how do we keep our population numbers from growing too fast ? how do we make sure that there are enough natural resources for everyone ? do we have shorter lifespans ?
i do n't need validation from anyone i validate myself everyday . i tell myself i 'm greatest . i know my worth & do n't think anyone 's greater than me ( humbly ) . so what 's there to be jealous of ? she 's not me & could never be . it sounds cocky but it 's really just confidence . b / c if you allow someone to tell you your less than you might believe it & it just messes up self esteem .
flat belly . like everything nowadays is cropped , i do n't feel comfortable wearing it .
also on top of what you said , if they cheat , they are n't worth it . and if you do n't trust them not to cheat , why are you even with them ? jealousy usually either stems from feeling insecure about yourself or your relationship . so believe in yourself and believe in your partner . but also do n't be stupid , if they 're giving you obvious red flags that they 're cheating , you have to accept that and value yourself enough to get out of that relationship .
one said something in a group chat saying he 'd basically go pull some “ whale ” clearly meaning fat woman if he wanted to get laid . i , being a fat woman , called him on that then told my friend who he 'd clearly had a crush on and been trying to get together with for a while . safe to say she never went out with him
damn near all of them . being slim thick , having an oval shaped face , thin arms / shoulders , an innie type vulva .
my college education and my car
you do n't even exist unless you 're thin and attractive . i 'm neither .
i did n't really know him that well and we were hanging out at a bar . i was about to go to the bathroom and he made a comment about spiking my drink while i was gone . he said it was “ just a joke ” but that 's shit 's not funny . i took my drink to the bar tender instead and never saw him again .
how the fuck did this even come up in conversation ? “ so , what do you look for in a future partner ? “ well ... ”
once , a friend sent me a picture of her in lingerie out of a joke . she was really pretty and somewhat internet famous . i commented this with my ex and my then best friend . both of them said she clearly had sent that to me so i 'll show it to guys and spread it online . this was about 2005 , when feminism was n't very much discussed . i was repressing a lot of trauma for being a victim of revenge porn a few years ago - they did n't know . so yeah , shitty moment and , at the time , i knew they were wrong , but too embarrassed to counter .
i 'm in this process now . out of 110 # or so i 've lost about 25 # already . i feel great , and feel and see changes . i will be continuing on but clothes fit differently and that gives more motivation . excited to add in exercise . i 'm doing it for myself mentally and physically , and because i want to just be healthier in general . it 's about 110 # to start but i could end there or it might be a bit more . no size number , no weight number specified . previously i had lost almost 50 # and gained it back and more because of medical stuff . but i was happy , healthy , more positive , and had a lot more energy because i ate healthier and more energy rich foods . i craved healthy foods and loved eating this way . i slept better and was more active but did not go to the gym to lose this weight .
" hey , i know you do n't need that much verbal appreciation yourself \ * , but i sometimes can overthink and it 's always nice to feel reassured . i also like to hear if you 're happy to see me , attracted to me , or are having fun when we hang out . i know you definitely feel those things but i appreciate when you verbalize them so i can be happy that that 's what you 're feeling " \ * i give a bunch to him anyway lol , just want to acknowledge my needs are different and he should consider them
everyone get jealous at some point . it 's a natural emotion but it 's how we respond to the jealousy that may or may not be healthy .
right . i read it once and thought wtf is this . only to see so many others replying verbatim . how did this even become a thing ? i am very curious .
yes . i occasionally have this reaction and it sucks . logically , i know you 're just being friendly , but my emotions have something else to say . i typically start avoiding said women until my emotions are quelled , and i can respectfully meet their friendliness with my own .
you would invite that ?
for folks like this , i switch to non-time sensitive things . for example , meeting a group at a beer garden on a saturday afternoon or reading in a park . i tell them what time i 'll get there and to text me when they arrive .
he had urges to murder drunk people . seeing drunk people made him so angry he fantasied about killing them because being drunk is so awful . he promised he had n't felt the urges in like 2 years . i was freshly 21 and terrified to leave , so when i brought up leaving he would say things like “ i 'm gonna buy a ticket to japan and ghost everyone for months if i lose you ” and start looking at flights obviously . it took like another 6 months to get the nerve to actually leave . i do n't mean like intrusive thoughts - he explained very thoroughly what he meant . he was the nicest “ straight edge good guy ” in the friend group so i knew no one would believe me . my current bf has never had murder fantasies which is a nice change of pace .
i 'd leave for a bigger city again without question . i hate rural towns . if i can't walk safely to a grocery store , i do n't want to live there . not to mention that very little is available without special order and there 's no variety in food .
the typical big boobs , small waist , and big butt . with the addition of having clear skin all the time . without some of these things , i feel insecure sometimes .
no . this is just rude , and goes beyond justifiable . if someone is going to be late m by that much , and on multiple occasions , i would just end the friendship . especially if they do n't apologise . i hate a lack of punctuality and when people waste my time .
aww thank u xx
wow that 's awful , i worked in a place where some of the guys were like that and most of us stayed away from those types . ( threats if you did n't agree with their political views and would n't drop it even if you tried to kill the convo ) not all of us are like that but it 's a shame there 's as many out there that are
i 'd reject that . i would invite that into my lifestyle .
all and none at the same time . like , i 'm aware they exist and occasionally one will hit me really hard , but in my daily life they 're not a pressing concern . i do want to have beautiful skin and a fitter body , but more as an extension of good health plus good habits rather than fitting any female beauty standards in particular , if that makes any sense . so , less * pressure * and more just ... baseline goals as part of being the best version of myself .
antoine griezmann
used to play car cricket . badically , count how many cars pass you , until a red car , then it 's the next player 's turn to count . trucks were 2 points , and motorcycles 4 . now , we play ... i do n't know what to call it . we 've got to spot numberplates in numerical order . start trying to find a 1 , ( 001 counts , but the numberplate can not contain any numbers other than the one you 're looking for . ) and so on . dad 's currently looking for a 99 , after playing whenever possible for about a year .
for me it was jim carrey in the 90s lol
joe hardy from the hardy boys . i wanted to be his girlfriend , iola morton .
when people call us a " bitch " for daring to have a resting face that is n't a fucking smile . its not my darn fault my lips are naturally down turned leave me the fuck alone and stop telling me to smile thanks
to always be happy and to be selfless . sounds lovely , but now i have a hard time processing and expressing my emotions , and i 'm battling a lifetime of low self esteem from being walked all over . the message i took away from their good intentions was that emotions are wrong and that i do n't matter .
matthew lillard playing him in the live action scooby doo though ? ? ? jesus . i was obsessed as a kid . still think matthew is so hot .
yeah , marriage is just a piece of paper . if you do n't feel like your relationship is in need of that unnecessary next step and doing so would n't add anything positive to your relationship then there 's no reason to get married .
dimitri from cartoon anastasia and aladdin lol . i 'm gay now so it 's especially funny to me for some reason that i only cursed on fictional cartoon men lol .
instill in me that if i left the house i 'd be killed or raped .
your post has been removed . medical questions should be directed to a medical professional . askwomen is no substitute . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post .
my mom especially handled all the tough things for me . now i 'm 30 years old and really suck at decision making in difficult or complex situations . like really suck . it 's impacting me so much .
me too ! it was the mask that did it for me lol even had the soundtrack on cassette tape
no . as a child it did n't seem worth being stabbed just so i 'd get to wear bits of metal in my ears , especially as i 've never really liked wearing jewellery because it irritates me . i had some clip on ones and put them on only to realise that earrings actually look terrible on me , so i was glad i never went for the piercings and have since been very comfortable not having any .
jack black in general was one of the few men that really awakened my love for fat hairy dudes . i still think he 's so handsome and sweet .
getting in trouble for showing emotion that was n't happiness i could be sad if something really bad happened like a death but otherwise it was n't okay , it is still really really difficult to cry in front of anyone ( i could n't even cry alone for many years )
your submission has been removed because this question contains a post title or topic that is already active or commonly discussed . we are not accepting any new submissions regarding this post / topic this time so please search the subreddit using keywords before reposting . you can view our faq [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) or search the subreddit . you can always go to r / findareddit to find the right place for your post . if you think you received this message in error , link your post & please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was auto-removed for asking for asking about a commonly asked subject . " & message =) . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
hello , / u / hilariouslyunfunnyl , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post breaks multiple rules . please do not repost without consulting with moderation first . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
hello periwinkleeeee . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
lmao , dr . frank n furter is the one i was hoping to see someone else mention . i know the character is an awful person . but god damn , that movie awakened something in me
hello , / u / fakeacc_foradvice , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as answers to common or recently asked questions can be found in the faq or through the search bar . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
your submission has been removed because this question contains a post title or topic that is already active or commonly discussed . we are not accepting any new submissions regarding this post / topic this time so please search the subreddit using keywords before reposting . you can view our faq [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) or search the subreddit . you can always go to r / findareddit to find the right place for your post . if you think you received this message in error , link your post & please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was auto-removed for asking for asking about a commonly asked subject . " & message =) . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
your submission has been removed because this question contains a post title or topic that is already active or commonly discussed . we are not accepting any new submissions regarding this post / topic this time so please search the subreddit using keywords before reposting . you can view our faq [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) or search the subreddit . you can always go to r / findareddit to find the right place for your post . if you think you received this message in error , link your post & please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was auto-removed for asking for asking about a commonly asked subject . " & message =) . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
getting my first job at a water park and seeing my family this summer .
your submission has been removed because this question contains a post title or topic that is already active or commonly discussed . we are not accepting any new submissions regarding this post / topic this time so please search the subreddit using keywords before reposting . you can view our faq [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) or search the subreddit . you can always go to r / findareddit to find the right place for your post . if you think you received this message in error , link your post & please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was auto-removed for asking for asking about a commonly asked subject . " & message =) . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
none of the crushes i have are really weird but one i get judged a lot for is my intense attraction to james gandolfini , especially when he played tony soprano .
i did n't get it until i went to the taping of snl that he hosted . best friend and i whispered to each other that we kinda understand it now .
from stationary , reverse and first gear are n't far off
i can't open up to anyone . no one who knows me , knows me . i feel like i talk too much and no one even cares what i say so like what 's the point of even talking . i also feel like i deserve no one . i can't even imagine myself in a relationship because i feel like i can't be serious or talk about anything meaningful . i feel like i am not good at giving advice or anything . i am so clueless .
being american . i love many aspects of this country but would have been better off with full or dual citizenship to germany which is where my paternal grandmother and grandfather immigrated from . we also have scottish and welsh family . point is , my parents became so consumed by the 70-80- 90s culture of keeping up with the jones and the american dream that the were not prepared for what the world has become . therefore , i was not prepared . i was spoiled and never wanted or needed anything . i thought i had nothing but opportunity in front of me and i could change my mind as much as i wanted to when things got hard or boring . i wasted so many years on celebrity and getting and owning the next best thing . i obsessed too hard over false idols and unattainable lifestyles instead of fully appreciating the resources i had . they definitely instilled a work ethic in me but just like most people , i was so burnt out by how much work i put into school since i was a little kid that by the time i was 35 , i was burnt out by working . my parents did n't have to work or spend as hard as i did for the same things they had . gas for their cars to drive them to high school was 99 cents a gallon . they had better social skills because technology had yet to destroy them . they had the experience of their ignorance being part of their bliss . they had an unwavering love and a mostly unified belief that america was the greatest nation on earth . they had more hope , more humour , and more love than my generation . they had more patience and more emotional intelligence than we do now . they had at least one parent at home with them or a family taking care of them when they were little whereas i barely ever saw my parents because they both worked full time . my parents are now in their mid 60s still working full time and completely exhausted and sometimes regretful for the world we are inheriting . my parents are great people and love them very much but i was not prepared in any way for what a potential economic collapse or world war pending from their timeline . a timeline i now own .
i have no intention of getting married , ever . additionally , should i end up in a relationship which is going well and might be long term , i think i 'd still be reluctant to move in . i enjoy my space and not sure i want to give that up completely . i know of a few couple who have this sort of arrangement and it works . they spend time together ( dinner every night for eg ) but go to their own space each night . financially it makes sense to cohabit , but personally id prefer not to . does n't mean i 'm any less invested in the relationship , and might even make the relationship last longer . anyone who believes that marrying means forever is living with their head in the sand .
a hand and a quarter hand ... long forhead here
respect and honesty .
your submission has been removed because your title does not include a question mark . please ensure your title is properly formatted to be a descriptive , open-ended question . if you think you have received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for lacking a question mark " & message =) . thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
ouch !
everyone should be able to cry . telling men not to cry is extremely damaging to their well-being
i like your experimental attitude .
ninja
floozies , i think it might be only australian though . sheelas is also aussie slang but i do n't consider it rude , it 's just the equivalent of blokes . floozies is more derogatory .
natural and usually quite short . occasionally i paint them if i 'm feeling adventurous
money
hi are you me , lol .
hello , / u / supermanlastson , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post breaks multiple rules . please do not repost without consulting with moderation first . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
hello , / u / hazyoutlook , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post breaks multiple rules . please do not repost without consulting with moderation first . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
hello , / u / buzdrinks 1 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this sort of question is not what this subreddit is for . moderators reserve the right to remove posts that are not in the best interest of the community . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
hello , / u / hot-fox 707 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as it contains or solicits graceless generalizations . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
madonna
i do n't really pay much attention to iwd , so i do n't know . i expect it depends on what kind of media channels you 're following
a childhood friend where we were great friends and for whatever reason we never got to date . we still were crazy close and really have always supported each other . he has had a incredibly successful military career but causing him to always be a ‘ arm lengths ' away . each time we think it could work between us something ridiculous happens . for a long time i regretted not pushing harder to be together . i have realized what we have as friends is just as important if not more then if we had a failed romantic relationship . i still stand by him and will always answer the phone . i 'm incredibly lucky my so understands our bond .
haku from spirited away but later in life had a huge crush on jordan maron
when i would sit with my mom is the bathroom she would look in the mirror and name off every thing she hated about herself , they was nothing i could say to change her mind and it fucked me up because she is objectively really pretty . shes tall and had a great body and i think i take after her in a lot of way . i hope i look like her when i 'm her age . it took me a while to realize how much it affected me watching my beautiful mother hate parts of her body .
the voice actor for kovu also does max 's voice in the goofy movies and thackery binx 's voice and he just has a really attractive voice imo .
bubble from trailer park boys :face_with_tears_of_joy:
this post has been removed - we are not a subreddit for personal evaluation , advice , recommendations , or validation . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post
this post has been removed - we are not a subreddit for personal evaluation , advice , recommendations , or validation . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post
wow , this is pretty much my youth summed up ! i also cringe to remember those years , i had no social skills whatsoever . it 's still a struggle , but i 've already improved a lot . that 's what i try to focus on , it 's been a tough journey .
my mom was always embellishing stories a lot , to the point of truth being really muddled . as a kid it was embarrassing if she threw me under the bus a bit to " enhance " her story ... or just knowing she was outright lying to people and i 'm listening and she knows i know that is n't the truth , so it was confusing . and so now people who enhance their stories really make me distrust them , even if it is n't lying and is just for effect . i also do n't trust my mom a lot either
bill nye . i was 12 when i decided i wanted to marry him . around 16 i decided patrick stewart as captain picard was the man for me .
this post has been removed - we are not a subreddit for personal evaluation , advice , recommendations , or validation . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post
hello , / u / embarrassedsloth , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed for specifying a majority demographic . posts for this sub should use [ inclusive phrasing ] ( HTTPURL ) . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
i used to have sex .
hello , / u / good-helicopter - 9303 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed for seeking advice about a specific person or personal situation . r / askwomen is about receiving answers from the community about their own opinions and experiences rather than seeking input on specific personal situations . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
hello , / u / kind_sir 4148 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed for seeking advice about a specific person or personal situation . r / askwomen is about receiving answers from the community about their own opinions and experiences rather than seeking input on specific personal situations . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
hello , / u / jaycoe 3 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as answers to common or recently asked questions can be found in the faq or through the search bar . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
i am bisexual , so ... i do not care .
uhhhhhhhhhhhh my hand lol
the dynamics of their relationship kind of soiled my view on relationships . if i ended up the way they did , i would be very , very unhappy .
gash is another totally derogatory term . only heard it in sons of anarchy , but then someone used it in real life and i was like what the fuck ? ? ? completely degrading .
pretend your phone 's ringing and answer it by loudly saying , " hi mom ! yep ! headed home now ... " and feign a conversation with " mom "
i had an infected wisdom tooth . that was the worst pain ever for days until an appointment and then they wo n't remove it until the infection has cleared . no sleep for a week or so . better than orgasm having it removed though lol felt so amazing
uh , this was my very first thought too . that cartoon boy was fiine .
i will tell you one thing that you should n't do that i 've seen suggested on other platforms and that is to start whistling . please do not do that in an attempt to look casual because if a guy walking behind me in the dark started whistling a jaunty tune it would definitely put me into fight or flight . other than that , cross the road and go faster so you 're not walking parallel on opposite sides .
depression and so much sadness . so many people are going through a lot and i genuinely wish i could help them somehow . heck , i can't even help myself . people are dying , scared , unhappy , alone , losing their families and just feel like killing themselves and the only thing i can say is , " welcome to the real world ? " this breaks me .
when you know people you do n't have to get your own hands dirty :smirking_face:
as i 'm nearing 30 , i 'm realizing how many of my problems are because of my well-meaning parents . my parents fought a lot and are still very passive aggressive towards each other about very minor things . i was always told that things are so so much worse in other families and it is normal for parents to fight . now i have a lot of trouble not being resentful about tiny things in my own personal relationships . a big reason i do n't want children is so that i do n't pass these things on . oh , also a lack of praise . that has really messed me up in ways i 'm only now beginning to realize .
sal from impractical jokers
dancing or painting . :purple_heart:
i was skinny . my entire life . my mom would have to force me to eat . i was like 40 pounds at 8 years old , kind of skinny . when i was 10 i got fluffy . i was n't even heavy i just had some extra meat . well my family started making fun of me and telling me to stop eating as a joke . i remember being in elementary school starving myself . i did n't eat for 6 days and i got sick . a year later i got very skinny in 6th grade and i was like 80 pounds , when i was in 7th grade at like the beginning of the year i was 99 pounds and by the end i was 113 . i got so insecure because my brother would call me fat and ugly . when i was in . 8th grade i was 120 pounds and i was fine until my older sister by 6 years told me she was 110 pounds . i felt like i should 've been skinnier than her . covid happened i gained weight and i remember my mom reminding me how i had stretch marks as if i should 've been ashamed and my brother would just verbally abuse me . anytime we would be in an argument “ well you 're fat and ugly so it does n't matter . ” it would really hurt me . it hurt me until i realized that : my insecurities stemmed from me listening to what others have to say . you can't please everyone so just please yourself . if you rely on others about the opinions of yourself then you will always be disappointed . if you rely on your own opinion about yourself what others say wo n't affect you .
i typically do n't remember my dreams or nightmares . when i do it 's very eerie for me . the worst nightmare i 've had recently was my estranged father was killing me with a butcher knife stabbing me in front of the refrigerator . i actually hit my so and really freaked him out . this was months ago and i still feel awful .
my weirdest was last year - [ deok-su ] ( HTTPURL ) from squid game
i see more effort made to shine a light on women of colour . i understand it 's hard to reach * every * type of woman , but i have n't really seen much representation of disabled women in the media ! the struggles they face and telling their stories on iwd . x
when i was about 14 , everyone i know was crushing on boy band members like one direction , i had a crush on mads mikkelsen who 's old enough to be my dad , which people found weird
rowan atkinson in johnny english dont even ask me why . he 's hot .
exposure and therapy . ten years ago i had serious social anxiety . i would n't leave my house without my so at the time . i ended up going to therapy . best decision i ever made by the way . i started small where i would say yes to spending time with a friend and give myself a maximum of 2 hours and then work myself up to more people and / or a longer duration . i also remember being jealous of people who i considered naturally social as i had serious fomo but struggled to change it at the time . now i can spend time with small groups of people and even large group of people . i 'm proud of myself for getting to this place .
something i randomly did once and have adapted to every time i buy a perfume , i get an oil fragrance of the same perfume then use the oil lightly while i moisturize then just spray the original perfume as a top up . it intensifies everything and one of my most compliments received is ' you smell so good '
i got my ears pierced at 3 , they ripped out and i got them redone at 12 .
we 're better at smoothies
billy bob thorton
same .
why is this in ask women ?
completely understandable .
rob stark
that voice :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes:
i use a vitamix to make fruit smoothies . it comes out very smooth ! no chunks at all .
yeah :grinning_face_with_sweat:
i had a thing for criss angel when i was like 11 :face_with_tears_of_joy:
do you often dress in menswear ? not sure why people would keep telling you to date the same sex . how often does it / has it happened ? i think as others have said , politely tell them you are not gay or questioning and are happily straight ! x
meryl streep in the film adaptation while brushing her teeth while high on orchid dust was hot as hell .
for some reason , my dominos app no longer recognises my address . i 'm taking it very personally . lol i 'm planning to publish my first book later this year . a little excited , a little terrified . a lot determined . :)
your submission has been removed because this question contains a post title or topic that is already active or commonly discussed . we are not accepting any new submissions regarding this post / topic this time so please search the subreddit using keywords before reposting . you can view our faq [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) or search the subreddit . you can always go to r / findareddit to find the right place for your post . if you think you received this message in error , link your post & please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was auto-removed for asking for asking about a commonly asked subject . " & message =) . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
the notebook and the wedding for some reason i thought nicolas sparks wrote more than two books on the series .
1 ) getting my breast reduction surgery in march 2 ) going to miami to visit some of my in laws for the first time 3 ) for covid to be over with ! i do n't see this happening any time soon , but i hope it can be :/
how has the care for the opal been ? do you wear it everyday ? i 've always loved opal but i 'm scared of getting it in a ring as it 's such a soft stone
i lay in bed until my life changes .
believe someone when they say they do n't want a relationship with you , even if they tend to joke about the future together and getting married .
we get along pretty well ! we have huge age gaps between us though , so it did take a while for us to get there as the age gaps seem to get less significant as we grow up .
not after watching woodstock 99 lol
i buy diapers . or put it toward the ged practice materials
omg that sounds fucking lovely lmao
i appreciate the thought , thank you . at the same time it 's reddit and everyone is bound to run into something like that sooner or later .
remember those days ! ? the trust ! the hope , the naivety . that love hit different for sure 🙌🏾 :grinning_face_with_sweat:
i tell myself i 'm beautiful , and remind myself that i 'm a whole prize
do n't worry about it , just enjoy your pigtails . i wore them in college and noone gave me shit for it .
thank you :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes:
" you could be so pretty if you loose weight . " my mom
yip , i 've tired but it 's a no from them .
the one i 'm wearing right now . :smiling_face_with_hearts:
only when i go out . remove for bed
i 'm the only girl with three brothers . we are all really close and my parents really encouraged leaning on each other , which we do . i 'm sad for those who 've commented who had sad or disfunctional childhoods and i hope that if you can't mend your sibling relationships that you 're able to make your own " friend " family . we all need someone to lean on .
do n't do it . what could be worse than waking up with a steaming hangover and thinking - " blimey that must have been a good night . what did i do and who was i out with ? " oh wait ...
psa if you do get a diamond , get a . 9 karat instead of a 1 karat . it 's significantly cheaper and looks the same .
so sorry . its really hard is n't it . i am actually too scared to date again . i recently started believing i made the wrong decision leaving my partner for the same reasons as yours . i am chatting with someone at the moment but it 's early days . i honestly did not think this would be now :pensive_face: what is your situation now ? hope it gets better for you .
seperated through foster care
it was a mess in our teenage years that we get really physical . my favorite argument that i throw her is , " you serve in church every sundaycall and yet here you are with that stinky attitude " shuts her up every time :skull: but now as full grown adults , we 've been closer despite her living abroad . yeah we do n't talk as often bc of our own stuff going on but we know we got each other more than ever now .
a spending addict . i want to do better but it feels impossible . i have n't always been this bad ... i just have a lot more free time and stress since covid . plus my chronic pain makes me sad and then i spend more ... it 's bad and everything everywhere is so commercialized so it is hard to avoid the triggers
i used to feel the same but distance and time has definitely helped with that lol
yessss i so relate to that about the one pair of pants that fits just right !
same . i miss the days of being able to love unconditionally and not worry about it . :grinning_face:
my sister and i were never close until recently . when she found out i was homeless after our mom died , she took me in and let me stay rent free until i got my shit together . months passed and now i 'm holding a steady job , getting groceries , and ofc doing other stuff to contribute to the household . i used to be jealous of her , intimidated by her . but really , i 'm so proud of her . she 's gone through so much to get to where she is in her career . i do n't feel indebted at all . she 's almost like my second mother . i will always keep her in mind , she 's my source of inspiration and motivation .
nothing at all . where i live ( germany ) it 's not really a thing to celebrate valentine ‘ s .
a horse
any specific brand that you prefer ?
i can absolutely relate to these sentiments ! i also find it matters a lot less as you get older as well !
threeway i 'd say , no i would n't try it again , they were insanely rough with me , i 'm a tiny asian chick and they played with me like i was a damn football star , i like a little roughness but not like how they were doing ; _ ;
this is rough . sorry that you had to endure that and how op threw some advice at you then brushed you off here .
not a diamond . diamonds became popular in engagement rings in the 1940s when a big diamond company posted ads saying basically “ do you love her enough to get her a diamond ” . diamond mining as also awful from what i have heard . i 'd much rather have an ethically sourced gem stone
i have 6 ear piercings , gauges , and two nose piercings . those are the only jewelry i wear and i never take them off lol .
my sister and i actually live in the same house , but we dont really ever see each other . we text sometimes , she eats when i cook something she likes , and she sends me memes sometimes . she also gives nice presents to my children on holidays . and our brother lives in the same apartment complex as us but we dont see him except on holidays or when he wants me to babysit his kids . my entire immediate family lives in the same house or apartment complex ( mother included ) and none of us really interact :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing: :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing: im the favorite aunt though because i see and spend time with the kids somehow without spending time with the parents . lol
being loud during sex i had 2 female roommates who would bring home dates , they would have sex sooooooooo loudly and eventually end in screaming " i 'm coommmminnnnggg ! " it 'd be like 3 am and we 're in an apartment complex with everyone trying to sleep and they 'd be fucking screaming like banshees , it was awful .
i envy / admire this so much ! i always wanted this kind of relationship with my sister but she never made room for this type of dynamic instead created the opposite lol .. however , i 'm always happy to see other sisters enjoying and having a great bond , its just bittersweet wishing i had had a big sister like that
i do n't really know if i want a ring but if i had to maybe and emerald cut ¯ \ _ ( ツ ) _ / ¯
my sister and i are n't close , we never have been . she thinks shes ' always in the right and i do everything wrong . but we no longer have anything to do with each other . i 'm okay with that . i rather it be that way than to be miserable around her .
now as i 'm older it 's hard for me to express myself without thinking to myself that i 'm doing it for attention . i suppress my feelings because i do n't know to deal with them and then i cry when it becomes to much but i can never like actually cry it just like drops coming out of my eyes lol . i think therapy would be the best option to help with that .
a simple rose gold band with a little design
i can't think of a specific one and i know this is probably not a very popular opinion but i love the really cheesy ones . not the cringy though , but the ones that make you laugh at how dumb they are .
i keep dog chews in the cupboard to try and lure him back in when he goes to the back garden for a pee . little bugger knows i 'm going to go out somewhere so tries to delay me . very naughty lakeland terrier
save it for later for food or clothes ..
the older i get , the less it matters . i used to care a lot and i did n't like my height ( or myself ) growing up and was teased for it , high school was rough dating wise and such . but overall i think as an adult it has mattered less and less both to others and myself .
perfect day by lou reed . enjoy the silence by depeche mode . perfect day was played at my brother paul 's funeral . bitter end was played at my brother steven 's funeral . both were their favourite songs .
i get this shit all.the.time on dates , people say things like " for an asian girl you 're pretty hot / cute ! " like what the fuck does that mean ? are you telling me most asians are ugly ? ? ? like what the flying fuck kind of thing is that to say to someone ?
i am not extremely tall ( 1,80 m ) butyeah the comments used to bother me as a teenager . now it is more like : yes i am tall is n't that cool ? but yeah . shopping is hard . especially jeans . i have one pair of jeans that is the right length . and shirts need a special cut to be long enough .
buy insulin for me or my big brother
elf hydrating lip shine ! i like the shade joyful . i think it smells rlly good too 👍🏻
some really nice steaks , a bottle of wine , pay what 's left onto the electricity bill .
packed my life into a small bag and lived in an island where i knew absolutely noone . would do it again in a heartbeat .
thank you so much ! :purple_heart: :smiling_face_with_open_hands: :two_hearts:
using no silly line at all , but starting a normal conversation and being yourself .
i do this with my cat ! gotta move from the edge of the bed so he can snuggle . even though there 's plenty of room in the order side of me , he needs me to move so he can have his spot
pets , coming home to a pet is amazing , they look so happy to see you and it gives you something to look forward to at the end of each day playing online games and making online friends helps a ton , join a gaming group or a guild in an mmorpg and make new friends instantly
a thin band with a dainty stone . i 've always admired the wedding rings with the different stones other than diamonds . i once saw someone have an emerald one and it was so unique and gorgeous . i 'd maybe like something like opal
pretty good .
you are not my daughter , my daughter should be like me , i regret giving birth to you :)
just because she has nice tits does n't mean she has a nice personality
hello m2043 . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
22 years old when i was in college , i realized what made me happy in life , the kinds of people i wanted to surround myself with , the kinds of people i wanted to avoid , what kind of work i wanted to do for the rest of my life .
have not had a relationship my twin sister in 15 years .
i was told to clench for the duration of every red light while driving . it seems to help when i remember
oh wow ! good to know ! thanks . i did n't know this was available
that 's what the world needs . more bonding ! :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: :thumbs_up:
yay congrats how long you knew them before dating how long have you been dating and do you mind telling me how the relationship started
lottery ticket and maybe some oreos with the peanut butter inside it
generally good my older sister and i tend to clash a bit more but we always have . usually though we get along and are pretty close regardless . my best relationships are with my two middle siblings . they 're like my children and i have a great deal of love for them and feel compelled to take care of them . my relationship with the youngest is good but a little distant . there 's roughly 15 years between us so we understandably have some issues relating but we vibe ok .
roommate in my dorm : trashed the room , left food out to rot , kicked me out of the room repeatedly so she could have sex with guys and throw parties , let her friends use all my cups / dishes and sit in my bed / chairs even when i was home . ( i had nowhere to sit in my own damn room lol ) she also slept through all her alarms roommates in my apartment : they help themselves to all my food without compensating me . i told them it bothered me but they still continue to do it . and play dumb when my food or drinks are all gone and i ask .
aw congrats i 'm happy for you guys hopefully y'all get married
yesss ! ! tall girls are glamazons ! ! !
it 's not an easy process , i 've recently just signed my contracts for a new place after a recent break up . i promise you that all the hard work is worth it though , are you just starting or in the process ?
i completely forgot about it . most likely nothing . we 've been married for a really long time and have young kids . maybe we will take a walk once the kids are asleep or watch a movie and drink some wine .
“ i wish you died instead of ( insert brother 's name here ) ”
not good . older sister : mean , manipulative , always got me in trouble as a teen , physically assaulted me . older brother : asshole , molested me , little sister : i 'm cool with her .
i 'm actually single first time in eleven years lol can i ask you something ? ? weird or cute to give a guy that i wo n't be dating a small valentines gift ?
amazing ! 3 of us are 4 yrs apart , my youngest sis is 6 yrs younger than the next oldest sibling so we totally baby her a bit but we 're all super close even with the difference in ages . we 've got a siblings group chat that we message in almost daily with meme , funny / cute / cool pics , random conversation , etc
say fuck that and fuck dressing for the male gaze . stop caring about shaving and if anyone stares at me in public , give them a blank look right back .
i 'm dead
i 'm not a fan of ghosting without explanation , but if you feel your safety is at risk then all bets are off
i came her to say that toxic is subjective . you have proven me wrong . this is objectively horrible .
hello jdotbonk . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
tom & jerry :face_with_tears_of_joy: because we are 7 years apart i feel like he 's my kid . i 'm protective and very caring towards him , we fight a lot as well because he 's a teenager . usually comes to me for help when he 's in trouble or needs food or money or just when he 's bored and wants to annoy me . biggest critic of my life but i still love my brother .
i cry and listen to music
either a " manly " diaper bag ( currently have a coach diaper bag he finds too feminine ) or a bob 's burger burger of the day burger book ! ! :smiling_face_with_hearts: :smiling_face_with_hearts: :black_heart: :black_heart:
we got married in 2017 so it was young and beautiful by lana del rey . bridesmaids walked in to joga by bjork . i walked back after the ceremony to only hope , because i love that song . oh and all of these were played by a pianist , not the tracks themselves
probably move across the country , by myself . with 2000 $ and two bag packs . still live here , with a home , a car , two dogs and a partner . i would do it again , but in a different country ( like europe )
white girls are hairy cos we live in cold climate
cordial , but not close . we have very different attitudes about morality and politics , so we can never talk about anything but surface pleasantries .
i love that ! ! ! so happy you feel that way ! ! i need to have this energy more often
i think your true self constantly changes .
every time i ask myself this question i always think “ oh man i did n't really know myself until just a couple years ago . ” this is usually irrespective of any actual timeline ; i think it 's that learning about oneself is a cycle of progression . the current iteration of me that exists now to make this comment would say i found myself in march of 2020 when one pregnancy test changed the trajectory of my life for the better . but who is to say ? in two or four or ten more years , i might have grown so much that i do n't feel this way anymore .
i like being tall , my only struggle is finding pants long enough for my legs but other than that i quite like it . it makes me feel like a powerful goddess ! !
modern fertility home based blood hormone kit ! it helps me know that me and my husband have time to wait to start a family without blindly assuming so . cheap and if you are in the us , fsa covered . have taken it 2 years in a row and definitely recommend !
middle child here , two brothers . we are all the same person and genuinely enjoy talking and hanging out .
i was lucky enough to move in with my grandma and out of a toxic environment . and my psychiatrist of 10 years recommended me the best therapist i 've ever had . she calls me on my shit , introduced new coping mechanisms , and helped me come to terms with the past . unlearning my unhealthy coping mechanisms gave me the opportunity for my self-esteem and self-worth to grow . now i 'm able to hold my own while in the presence of my dad 's wife . it 's a huge achievement for me compared to last year .
in germany you go to university for 5 years . within those 5 years you have a few weeks of co-teaching . 5,5 years after starting uni you start the actual teachers training . so now , almost 7 years after deciding on this career , i started noticing that i do n't really like teaching lol . it 's shit .
candles , skincare , fragrance , home decor , clothes , books ... anything really ! i love gifts ! the only thing i do n't like receiving is cooking classes or theatre tickets . not my thing .
blue
being able to purchase a house and support a family on a single income .
your comment has been removed because : your karma is too low to participate on askwomen . you will be able to participate when your karma has increased . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
HTTPURL
nursing . i would 've graduated admist this bullshitdemic .
lifting here up from the stairs , giving her a kiss and putting her down on the ground . we love this and do this everywhere , be it public or private . :red_heart:
come her to say this . an absolute standout
of course we do , it 's gonna be great ! ! !
blonde , black , blue . they all look good on other people but i know they 're hard to keep up and i 'm lazy lol
communication break down , and lack of romance
i agree . teachers are under appreciated n underpaid . i only wanna do it coz i think it 'll be fun . i wanna teach adults tho , can't handle kids
my friend 's parents go for an early morning walk everyday .
not being terrified of disciplining someomes child for bad behavior . no i dont mean beat the kids but if jimmy comes over and acts like a dick i should be able to say that without worrying about mom getting in my face and wanting to fight about it . if he steals and get whacked up side the head not with a weapon or anything he deserved it dont go sue the clerk for hitting ur asshole kid .
i do n't think that 's entirely true . if you marry the right person , marriage is easy . is it work , yes absolutely , but it should never be hard or difficult . most common issues are differing sex drives and needs , finances , and once children enter the picture , that 's a huge stressor for a marriage .
i love those mini dresses but they do not work with my figure . i have 1940 ' s hips !
idiots blocking shopping aisles with their trollies because they 're too focused looking at groceries instead of being mindful of other shoppers .
your comment has been removed because : your karma is too low to participate on askwomen . you will be able to participate when your karma has increased . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
that sounds like a interesting job . i agree , anyone working in the funeral home business is highly unappreciated . many people do n't understand the full extent too many of there jobs . we mainly see the work / time they put into a funeral for our loved one but we typically do n't fathom that it 's a constant thing for them . a ex boyfriend of mine worked as a tow truck driver for 10 years and eventually became friends with the county coroner and had told us both many stories about being woken up late hours of the night or early morning for death calls and briefly explained the process too us . they are definitely hard working folks and deserve our respect .
just fun or cute . innocent
i started swing dancing a few years ago and it 's so fun ! you ask for dances , the people are amazing , you can dress up if you want , there 's a huge community for it . easily one of the best decisions i 've ever made .
no , because i do n't flirt with friends .
i lose a crazy amount of hair every time i wash it . like more than i think is natural , but i guess i have quite a lot of hair so it 's not like i 'm actually losing it .
why
standing in the corner , nodding my head .
ummm some of my guy friends
i 've always had a thing for piper . there 's something about a man in a kilt playing a bagpipe .
the only reason i wanted too when i was younger was because i fell in love with sharks at a young age . i still do . but usually they have to rely on college or government grants when they are doing studies .
pastry chef . tried the baking and pastry arts program at johnson and wales and dropped out . there was no way i 'd be able to handle the hours and physical requirements for the job . i would have had so many mental breakdowns .
she 's just so stunningly beautiful , those eyes , those cheekbones , her height , the way she carries herself . she was a perfect catwoman .
not necessarily a “ stay connected ” thing . but we have a routine when someone is leaving for work . he 's a police officer and i 'm a nurse . when he 's leaving for work i say , “ stay safe out there ” and when i leave for work he says , “ go save someone 's life ” it 's our way of reminding each other that we recognize the hard work we each put in for our careers , and therefore each other
journalist
iv ebeen k a hot air balloon and it was an awesome experience . highly recommend aurora borealis is something i would love to see someday
i 'm a former teacher . to sum it up : you do n't get paid nearly enough to put up with the stress you have to deal with . the low pay is disrespectful .
teacher here , many districts would rather hire teachers fresh out of college with no sub experience vs . one of their own subs because of how valuable good subs are .
in terms of going vegan i wish i knew how many companies sneak milk powder unecessarily into their products . always check the ingredients even if the item looks vegan or plant based .
why the fuck do i have to read so much ( hr ) i have n't even gotten a job yet but i already know i 'm gonna be reading so much
perfume and jewelry
my boyfriend and i make weird noises at each other too ! i 'm so glad we are n't the only ones
a smile . i have strangers approach me all the time for small talk in public and i 'm told it 's because i smile a lot at even the smallest interactions .
in my bedroom .
money or kitchen / house supplies .
having wildly different textures and curl patterns in the same section of hair .
life is too hard to try , too short to cry . anyone that makes me feel this quote , i give one way ticket
dirty yellow blonde
chef . i worked in and around kitchens on and off since i was 14 until 26 , teenage me wanted to cook for a living . but after seeing many chefs burn out , in glad i dropped that career ... for 50 hour weeks in television post production 🤦🏻‍♀ i do miss the free food though .
thank you so much ! ! we got this !
hair stylist . i 'm now in healthcare
long story short my mom was on some pretty bad shit and me and my two sisters went to live with her , she started out as the cool and and it progressively got worse from there , i got in trouble at school one day for having my phone in my purse , well it got take me for like 2 maybe 3 years i had no contact with anybody besides school and “ home ” well i got in trouble at school again about a year after the phone situation and i did n't tell my aunt that i had got iss for not moving seats , i did n't have iss until the next day and my friend had to text my aunt and ask if i could go to her house after school because i still did n't have a phone , here 's where it gets fucked up , my aunt calls the school and snitches on my friend for having her phone and the they proceeded to tell her i was in iss and she came into the school and we went to the cops office and she started screaming at me anyway she slams the door and i open back up and said “ glad your making yourself right at home ” and slammed it back . she told the school not to let me leave with my friend and i had to ride the bus , i get off at my bus stop and i 'm walking towards my grandmas because that 's where she would pick me up after school , she started screaming about how if i did n't get into the car i was n't going to get any of my stuff so i got in the car to go get my stuff . we 're going down the road and my little sister starts crying and she says “ what 's going on ? ” and my aunt responds “ i 'm tired of your sister being a little bitch ! ” keep in mind my aunt is not a small person by no means , and i said “ at least i 'm not a big bitch ! ” anyway we get home she makes my sisters go out in the garage so she can scream at me cuss hit even spit on me ! then she said she was gonna rip my head off and shit down my neck , told me i looked like a frog ! and told me that if my grandma had another stroke it was my fault ! and when her husband got home she made me come downstairs and talk about what had just happened and she lied her ass off ! and got me in more trouble when i did n't even do anything wrong ! there 's a bunch more shit she did to me that 's fucked up but after she spit on me and told me she was gonna rip my head off , i do n't want her back in my life i have lost all respect for her and i could care less wtf she 's doing and my grandma talks about her to me all the time and it goes through me like fire ! i absolutely hate her guts ! and i wish i could make her feel the way i felt ! i was like maybe 16 when all this happened .
being confident af
this may be kinda niche , but i 'm epileptic , so ... i hate when people refer to seizures without calling them seizures . they are n't " spells " or " fits " or even " episodes , " they 're seizures . even " aura " , which has validity in it 's medical usage , is technically a seizure , so just call it a seizure .
architect . i would have hated working with clients and having to design things i did n't like just to make money .
my mom is beautiful , i would n't mind looking like her at her age .
left home very young due to abuse and was guilted into reconciliation several times before realizing that no matter how old i get the familial patterns and dysfunction do n't change . my parents also not only refused to apologize , but refuse to admit to any of it ! at 48 i finally cut ties for good . i 'm at peace with it , i am not angry , and it took me this long mostly to navigate the feelings of betrayal against my siblings who still had contact . i have close relationships with 3 out of 4 of my siblings now - but no contact with my parents or youngest sister . & so much inner peace !
as unmarried , childless , 36 yo single woman can say ... it 's f \ * ing feeling good ! i found peace and finally i am ok with myself . i do n't feel like i am missing something , i feel like i got what i always wanted but society / biology tried to put me in a state i never really wanted . i have job , hobby , interest and independence
go get tested for depression .
yes . agreed . way back when , i tried to bleach my own hair and it was just pure yellow . i looked jaundice and very unwell .
nursing . nurses are having to deal with so much right now and it 's dangerous .
a friendly smile .
ditto although i imagine seeing earth from space is one in the greatest sights of our time .
i am not meant to find love . i 'm bound to be solo flyer for life and that 's ok . i have learnt this lesson from several extremely painful and deeply heartbreaking relationships . and it took a long time for me to learn it but when i did , it was my light bulb moment . i am just not partner material .
artist
i wanted to have one made to my measurements . nice to hear a good review .
forensic psychologist :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
" amazing " i just use any of its synonyms instead .. great , very / so good , etc
me and my family are black . i look more like my grandmother than my mother . my grandmother looks like she could be my mother and my mother looks like she could be my older sister . but my grandmother was an alcoholic and a chain ciggarette smoker most of her adult life . now it 's been about 5 years and still doesnt have wrinkles and is very healthy . she exercises and eats right more than me and my mother combined . her skin is glowing everytime i see her . my mother also has a natural beauty that everyone loves . my mother is bi-racial and light skinned ( white father and black mother , my grandma ) . and me and my grandma are brown skinned . needless to say i am quite satisfied with the genes that were passed down to me from my mom and grandma .
to be fair , the lack of personal space outside of school can be solved by working not in the district that you live in . i drive thirty minutes to work and have never seen a student outside of school .
i know what you mean . i manage to do my hair & makeup each day yet something is always out of place , like a strand of hair , sometimes lipstick transfers to my teeth , a run in my tights , face gets shiny , etc . yet there are those people who always look impeccable and i 'm constantly wondering what kind of sorcery they use to always look put together .
i get that but when it fades or when it starts to grow out ...
nurses do not make tons of money unless you 're in a travel contract . visit the nursing subreddit and sort by recent if you want to see what nursing is like
something about bubba ray .
law / air traffic controller . stressful , lol
“ you wo n't understand or fully appreciate me until you are a parent yourself ” .. oh boy ain't that the truth
in my current place it 's on a hook in the hallway . previous place it was in a hallway cupboard . if that is n't possible then back of my door in my room .
that i had a weird blood trait that made me a bit anemic before being vegetarian . ( beta thalassemia minor ) i did n't know i had this until i did pre-pregnancy screenings . my doctor ordered the test because i had a history of becoming severely anemic . i can't be a vegetarian ... or i could but it would pretty hard for me to maintain decent iron without supplements ... and i hate iron supplements . i was vegetarian for years but i definitely struggled and passed out a few times due to non-existent iron levels .
honestly , i completely agree with this . most of the people i 'm nursing homes are wonderful people with beautiful souls .. it 's painful to watch them slowly deteriorate , even more so for them too know its happening .. i spent the majority of my first 6 months working in a nursing home getting in my car and crying .. the majority of them are wonderful too be around and i still to this day years later do n't understand how their family do n't want anything too do with them . death definitely does seem like a blessing , it 's heartbreaking but we hold on to that hope that a better place / life is waiting for them .
ballet instructor / ballet dancer . i 'm just not that good at it , though i still dance for pleasure to this day . my backup career option was becoming an empress . i did n't do too well at that either . i do n't have much of a standing army . became an artist instead and in the age of nfts i can tell you it is finally a decent decision . it was touch and go for ten years or so though .
i do n't think it is silly .. but a lot of people i know do n't think it 's a big deal . i absolutely can't stand it when someone i know who is n't black speaks with a blaccent .. or someone who 's lived in my country all their life speaks with a blaccent ( i live in southeast asia ) . these people tend to say a lot of condescending things when they speak . it 's so ...
love and sex with famke janssen . so relatable and under rated movie
this post has been removed as questions are required to be descriptive and open-ended . the title to your post must be a descriptive question . * questions that do not adequately state what is being asked are not descriptive . * yes / no , either / or , or options list questions are not open-ended . * no " would you rather " or " does anyone else " questions permitted at all . * please leave your own response to the question as a comment rather than in the description or the question . additional reminders : * if you are using uncommon or unusual terms or asking a question that many people will not understand without further explanation or definitions , please place these in the description . * please remember that links require comprehensive summaries . * askwomen is about receiving answers from the community , so please do not include your own reply / commentary in your title or body text . details in the question or description about a personal situation which would lead your question to personal advice or to discussion of your response rather than individual responses to the question are not permitted . * questions indistinguishable from [ trauma tourism ] ( HTTPURL ) are not permitted . * before reposting , please recheck to make sure that your post meets our [ inclusivity guidelines ] ( HTTPURL ) and does not specify majority demographics . * still trying to find the right sub for your post : try / r / findareddit can help for safe-for-work posts or / r / nsfw 411 for nsfw posts if you have any questions about this moderation action , please message the moderators through the link on the sidebar or [ here ] ( HTTPURL ) . if you are messaging about your removed comment or post , please include a link to the removed content for review .
baz luhrmann 's - moulin rouge
as someone with 2 small kids - date nights ! take my kids , send me and hubby to a restaurant for some good food , and give us the night off to relax .
my mum has been a lawyer for around 31 years . but she worked for insurance companies for around 25 years exclusively . she absolutely hated her job , yes it was good money , yes we never had to worry about anything but i never knew how sad and drained it made her until she quit in 2019 . it was the most surprising decision she ever made according to me but she had discussed it with my dad . turns out to have been the best thing cause my dad got hospitalised like 2 months later and mom spent every waking moment with him till his demise . she is officially retired but she opened up a tiny law firm near home . she is the reason i chose law , i wanted the glamorous lifestyle it can provide . 6 years down the line public university has screwed me over so bad i can't even call it daddy . still struggling to finish cause they purposefully ' lose ' your papers if they think your parents can afford to pay extra to redo . i work for her . we can go a couple of days without even getting even one client but she has never been happier . i do n't get paid much cause i still live at home and whatnot but she chooses cases she thinks she can handle , she helps those she can without the need of payment and she has been glowing ever since . law can suck the life out of you just because you want a softer pillow to land on . it 's definitely not what i would have wished to pursue had i known this but i really love how it has never been about the money for her . she can undercharge grossly for a service till sometimes i even get mad at her but she is happy .
hello rogic 67 . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , please [ message the moderators ( click here ) ] ( HTTPURL post was removed for personal advice " & message =) . do n't forget to link your post ! thanks . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
this one exactly . but it looks so good on other women ! edit : i really wish all the replies were n't removed , i 'd loved to have heard from other women about their experience with this . ( queue this post getting removed too lol )
scented candles , skincare , perfume / fragrances , books .
yes , i was scrolling to find this comment . great story from start to finish !
because i 'm a sex demon and it turns me on . especially with my lover , oh ... he 's tastefully erotic with his words , because he 's all about my pleasure .
yep , you heard right ! virgin has their own red lipstick with bare minerals HTTPURL HTTPURL HTTPURL
awkwardly waving one hand in the air and realising mid-song that i 'm facing the wall .
teaching
at first it was a vet , then it was a graphic designer . both of which i 'm really glad i 'm not actually working as .
what
reddit has a very nice community in r / vegetarian , and baking marinated tofu is one of the easiest ways to cook it
manners
so my husband is a fifo worker cheated on me while pregnant with our son i found out by going through his facebook .. n he said he did it because he felt lonely n like i did n't care .. mean while he was on the other side of the country
boy and girl are equivalent terms ; man and woman are equivalent terms .
valentine 's . it 's too commercialized . :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing: my pockets hurt from giving my mom stuff . :loudly_crying_face:
lady
the only occasions where i do n't buy the cheapest possible products are food , vitamins , hair dye , tattoos . everything else idc i 'll buy it off facebook lol
could ask the bride if he knows her ? if not wanting to bother the bride while she 's planing the wedding bridesmaids are usually more detail orientated than grooms seem to be , , does your husband know any of the bridesmaids ? maybe they could help you shop for a dress ?
at a wedding i was photographing the groom and the groomsmen showed up drunk . they could hardy stand up . when the music started and the bride started down the walkway she spotted the groom and went from happy to furious in a instant . made for some interesting photographs .
i love both but prefer long . it just makes me feel more feminine & “ natural ” lol if you get what i mean .
if i have a crush on someone and they follow me on instagram , then i check to see if they 're looking at my stories
i feel like you need some r / weddingshaming in your life ..
i myself cheated in a relationship but gave no excuses for it . i did that for sex and i made it clear . it feels bad really bad and i went through hell lot of phases mentally bc even in that case my partner was not ready to leave me . it was a mess ... it is still a mess . dnt knw what to do ? !
4th of july . i hate it .
nominate one smoker a day to clean up . that should , in theory get them to stop
i wish i knew . its annoying
longer . i have really thick curly hair and when i cut my hair short , i have to spend lots of time styling my hair because short curly hair does n't seem to follow rules of gravity . with longer curls , i have to spend a day a week doing the whole cgm thing but after that it does n't take much effort . i also just love looking a little wild with my long curly hair . captures my personality better .
halloween used to be banging . every house on every block had the goods . did n't have to walk but a few streets at the most to fill your bag . now , it 's at the most 4-5 houses on a block with the lights on ..
best thing ever created there 's like tons of flavours strawberry , chocolate ect you have to try it before you die
riding bikes alone and playing outside till dusk
all of them except halloween and thanksgiving lol
i forgot one . i had a boyfriend who told me he had never been faithful to anyone his entire life and never would be . not the lamest excuse . not even an excuse , just cold .
do n't propose
" but she liked me . "
i was just home from the hospital from a suicide attempt . my family threw me a huge party and we had a big ass cake .
the mother of a bride i knew did this once . while the entourage was taking pictures between ceremony and the dinner , she loudly complained to the bride ( who was touching up on her makeup ) that the guests were waiting , they were hungry already etc etc . cocktails and finger food were served during this interval period . the bride and her older sister scolded their mother the day after .
flirting with the groom .
the northern lights .
had a guy in high school that i was starting to like tell me he helped write one of the disney movies that just came out ( do n't remember which one ) and that he lived all by himself at his house . always thought it was a lie . then one day my friend and i happened to drive by his house and saw his mom outside doing stuff . the kicker was when i confronted him about it his response was " what did you expect me to do ! " boy not lie to me would have been a very good start .
thanks giving , holiday where
that we constantly need to prove ourselves in order to be taken seriously . a woman can make a suggestion in a meeting and she 'll get questioned or dismissed , but if a man suggests the same thing he 'll be praised for it . this extends to gatekeeping hobbies and interests as well . if a man says he likes sports he 'll be welcomed with open arms , but if a woman says she likes sports she 'll get grilled to prove she 's a “ true fan ” . the same thing happens with video games and other typical “ male ” interests . our expertise and authority is also generally doubted , especially in stem and other male-dominated industries . and let 's not forget how much our appearances factor into being taken seriously . we have to deal with so many extra layers of bs just to gain the same basic respect men receive just for being men . today during lunch one of my male coworkers asked me “ do people generally believe women ? ” before i could say anything , another male coworker had the * audacity * to cut in and say , “ you can't ask a * female * that ! ” i felt a flash of white hot rage . he tried supporting his argument using false rape accusations to prove women are always believed , while ignoring the irony that he actually supported my stance that women generally are not believed , by cutting me off and telling our other coworker not to believe me because i 'm a * female * .
55 now , in process of divorcing after 27 years . not so certain of this .
in big time adolescence when mo returns home high & is confronted by his parents
hairdresser yes , make taking care of my daughters ... hell no
well i 'm in india sooo ... sexism in doctor patient setting is n't rlly a thing here ( afaik )
disagree . most men are given backgrounds in male dominated fields before given advanced positions . women need those step ups in order to get a foot in the door .
they hated jesus so they will hate me too . and , you can never be good enough for the wrong person
this one really is the most annoying
hello , / u / andreask 8s , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post has been removed as answers to common or recently asked questions can be found in the faq or through the search bar . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
usually insomnia ( whether it 's caused by depression , hypervigilance and anxiety or just general restlessness ) , migraines and chronic cramps .
hello , / u / dangerousbeastlor , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post breaks multiple rules . please do not repost without consulting with moderation first . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
hello , / u / ok_establishment _993 , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this subreddit has themed days : [ matefree monday ] ( HTTPURL ) and [ thersday ] ( HTTPURL ) . please review the rules for themed days . for more information on today 's specific theme or the available megathreads , please see the stickied post on the / r / askwomen front page for more details . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
definitely insomnia , but dumb stuff too , like : - sometimes i become aware of my tongue and how it 's placed in my mouth - what directions my eyes are looking at when i 'm trying to sleep - who is the voice of foofa 's brother fooful ...
1 ) said to a friend of mine : my wife is sick and we have n't been intimate in two years . seriously we are basically roommates . 2 ) said to me : yes we are intimate but something is missing . i really did n't get a chance to explore before i got married .
my mum called me to ask if my cousin could take a bus home after our wedding ( end time of 11pm ) . our wedding venue is on a rural property 1.5 hours out of the city centre . did n't think i needed to put that on the wedding website but there we go ...
this post has been removed - we are not a subreddit for personal evaluation , advice , recommendations , or validation . if you have questions about this moderator action , please use modmail and include a link to this post
hello , / u / haboomdalakaka , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this subreddit has themed days : [ matefree monday ] ( HTTPURL ) and [ thersday ] ( HTTPURL ) . please review the rules for themed days . for more information on today 's specific theme or the available megathreads , please see the stickied post on the / r / askwomen front page for more details . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
hello , / u / catwearingredsocks , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this subreddit has themed days : [ matefree monday ] ( HTTPURL ) and [ thersday ] ( HTTPURL ) . please review the rules for themed days . for more information on today 's specific theme or the available megathreads , please see the stickied post on the / r / askwomen front page for more details . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
thank him for the feedback and tie him to a radiator until he falls madly in love with me again .
definitely agree ! it 's going to be on you forever so why not make sure it looks good by getting a talented tattoo artist ? if the price is too good to be true it 's usually because it is
hello , / u / zoeinator , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this subreddit has themed days : [ matefree monday ] ( HTTPURL ) and [ thersday ] ( HTTPURL ) . please review the rules for themed days . for more information on today 's specific theme or the available megathreads , please see the stickied post on the / r / askwomen front page for more details . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
hello , / u / vikingmonarch , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post breaks multiple rules . please do not repost without consulting with moderation first . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
hello , / u / nickel_face , thanks for contributing to / r / askwomen . your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the [ rules ] ( HTTPURL ) we have set for the subreddit : this post breaks multiple rules . please do not repost without consulting with moderation first . the rules are on the sidebar - please review them before posting again . if you believe your post has been removed by mistake , * * [ message the moderators ] ( HTTPURL { subreddit } ) and include a link to your post * * . please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
all of them except halloween & maybe new years
i think it 's reasonable to ask as long as you 're not a dick about it ( and prepared for a " no . " ) . especially if it 's an established relationship .
mothers day is why i no longer do family holidays . there was a year that i was forced to make a dinner for 15 people . i was n't even paid for my services . i swore to myself when i got old enough i would never do another family holiday . i culled them one by one and am now free .
she had just mentioned before that it always have her bad bumps and ingrown hairs
hello heyyoucrazydiamond . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , copy & paste a link your post & [ click here to contact modmail . ] ( HTTPURL ) . please include the reason you are contesting this post and a link to your message . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i trim mine with a beard trimmer , exactly how i would want her to do it
everything in the movie joe dirt .
my bridesmaid brought her boyfriend to “ hang out ” with us girls whilst we were getting our hair and make up done . i was prepared for her to bring some drama but must admit this one totally threw me . he had the complimentary beer in the fridge my husband was going to have after the wedding and is in all the photos of us getting ready .
boyfriend - 1-2 times a week , solo - 3 times a week
if it 's not every day , i start to get a little crazy .
most of the times when i see my partner but never solo ( because the latter does n't do anything for me so i 'm simply not interested in it ) .
someone asked me this few years ago my answer was " nothing , if they dont love me then they dont deserve me and i will just move on " ... then it happened and reality was different .. shock .. panic attacks and depression .
food and handbag
i 'm so sorry that you had to go through all of that . i am happy though that you got a chance to work on you and find happiness for yourself without needing to be with someone else . losing a love like that is devastating and you truly rose to the challenge .
jesus what kind of brother would do that ? just a trash family overall
that could be a slippery slope . do you shave your pubes ? if not i would n't ask her because that 's a bit unfair . if so just bring it up gently . nobody wants pubes in their mouth , so completely understood . hopefully she will take it well , but as well be prepared if the answer is no .
studying
when it comes to being intimate solo , usually once or twice a month . however , with my boyfriend , whenever i see him i can go probably five rounds in a day depending on the kind of sex we have .
do n't wear white . no one wears white except for the bride !
are you trying to get revenge or just tell her ?
groundbreaking . you are so special and different
4th of july . for a few reasons , but one i have n't seen mentioned yet is pets . where i live , people start blowing shit up on the 1st and stop a couple of days after the 4th . my husband 's dog refuses to go outside if he hears them so he has accidents inside , tons of missing pet posts go out , and we see a lot more dead pets on the side of the road than usual .
holy shit .
does the irritation happen because she does n't shave it often enough to be used to it being bald or trimmed ? i think it 's find to ask them to trim it . i think that pubic is gross no matter how many times you wash it even before sex
this is great ! thank you for reminding me of a sweet childhood memory i had completely forgotten ! :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing: :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
qtips are bad for your ears .
quality clothes .
aww , this makes me sad and now i want to give you a magical christmas . :red_heart:
act like you 're just meeting to know them as a friend first rather than a potential romantic partner . for me this kind of eases the pressure of a “ first date ”
playing outside
not at all . the best way to make the world a better place is to be the best version of yourself ! ! disconnect from the poison !
doctor shop . it 's annoying but essential . remind them that i speak their language - i use medical terminology and big words whenever appropriate . unfortunately that always ends up increasing the amount of respect i 'm given . push for what i want them to do . a lot of times i can just annoy doctors into ordering tests or whatever .
that is horrible ! such incredibly rude people .
i 'm whiteish / enough looking and come from a very westernised family . i had a lot of white friends growing up and i guess they did n't really see the ethnic element because as soon as we 're old enough to start making decisions i had a lot of people suddenly trying to ‘ save ' me from making decisions that are considered bad in mainstream white culture like making practical career choices instead of following my ‘ passions ' or prioritising having a family from the beginning instead of taking the time to figure out who i was ( apparently you do n't know who you are until you 've gone through a couple of boyfriends ) . ironically none of this was challenged when more obviously ethnic people did this kind of stuff .
omg factssss we 've got a basic holland last name and my extended family legit left my sister 's wedding as soon as dancing started at the reception ! they came for the ceremony and food then left .
thigh high boots , designer heels and bags and jewellery ... a lot of it . i just feel like splurging my heart out .
that 's so sweet !
exactly who im with now . it took me a long time to find him , but now i 'm so happy and finally i understand what being " in love " means .
i did not cheat
i completely missed this when i got married and i was so embarrassed .
26 here . i 'm pretty sure there are still children out there playing at playgrounds . but havent seen children who are over pre-school . could be where i lived but even primary i used to play at playgrounds with other children . we never knew each other but all children became fast friends . we played til dinner , promising seeing each other later but these promises never kept . those are the best memories of i have when i was young . without phones , sns and other stuff we could just hang around together .
“ she 's just a friend ” “ i was losing feelings ” “ i 'm not being satisfied enough ”
do n't make it about yourself if you are n't the one getting married . * dirty looks at my in laws *
i want you to know that lava lamp centerpieces is being added to my future wedding idea list because it is perfect
both . i 'd like to think i 'm one of those people where both hair length looks good on me . short hair makes me look younger and long , older but it does n't really matter when i 'm constantly being mistaken for a teenager when i 'm already in my 20s
apparently telling the groom to run for his life
i ... wait ... what ? ? they started dancing on the dance floor while you were doing your first dance ? ?
brooklyn 99 backstreet boys scene
i was scared of that . if i would break a leg or something , when i was on my own , they wouldnt find me for a next few hours . and even if nothing happened they would ask where was i and this whole circus so it was easier if they would know probably where i am
my absolutely gigantic cock . i do n't understand it , i do n't even know how to use it apart from peeing and missing the target .
dropping out of college the first time because between my horrible love life and family life at the time , i just could n't handle it anymore . i maintain that i probably would have hurt myself or even worse but goddamn , i also just wish i had managed to push through it and just * finished * . going through college at 27 is n't the worst thing but i feel so * behind * all of my peers . everyone around me is getting married , has a career , and / or are starting their families . * i 'm * struggling with homework . a lot of my classmates are older than me but they 're also changing career paths and have families of their own . i feel like a goddamn child and a failure trying to adult .
accent + culture + ethnic group . why i no longer speak during gaming .
i remember the buf puff
i 've never had a negative comment unless you count “ oh hey these expire today do you want a replacement ? ” sometimes positive ones , like “ oh i love that sauce ! ” or “ ohh these were just restocked ”
yes meet every 2 to 3 weeks
yeah , i 'm 25 and i only cleanse , moisturize , and put on spf . also , i always wear a hat when it 's sunny . but i personally do n't know anyone our age who does like 7 steps to prevent aging .
terror in ressonance , banana fish , season 1 tokyo ghoul , tower of god , the promised neverland season 1 , and arcane .
i had an ex tell me that he wanted me to wear pigtails because “ it appeals to something very base . ” he is now and forever will be my ex .
not asking more questions about my dad 's life , my grandma 's ... and really getting to know them . also , not learning korean as a kid when i had the chance ... while living in korea .
that makes sense , how many years does it take to get a ba there ? and as a non-american i have to admit the work conditions there are a bit scary , i see some shit that makes me go " wow how 's that allowed ? " i mean , shitty employers are everywhere here too , but we 're very well protected legally , therefore hiring someone just costs a lot
not trespassing as a teenager . i could 've gotten away with so much
were both adults so there is n't things i " let " him do or not do . but i do n't have any feelings one way or another about strip clubs so if he wanted to and asked if i was comfortable with it i would say it was fine .
your post has been removed because : derailing of the topic is not permitted . if you believe you have received this message in error , please message the mods . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
if they already know what it feels like to suffer , why pass it on to someone else ?
when i was 21 i was living on my own for the first time and renting a house . this middle age guy in a van who was advertising as a handy man was knocking on people 's doors . he gave me his business card when i had answered . he seemed very charismatic and so i let him walk through my place pointing at some things that needed work . i remember he had this really dorky bizer hat on , the one that almost looks like it has fake hair because the tips of his hair was highlighted . at the time he came inside i had my garage and kitchen door open and i left the front door open . i do n't know what i was thinking at the time but looking back , my 30 year old brain would never have done that
i gave birth to my first child about three weeks ago , and i chose to have an epidural . it totally took away the pain from the contractions , however i was still able to feel when the moment came time to push ! it felt like something was between my legs and i could feel my body bearing down , and i had no say in the matter , my body was naturally just trying to push on its own and i could feel that pressure ! however , when you are pushing , they make you push during contractions . i was numbed up nice and good so i did n't feel my contractions so they had to tell me when to push cause i could n't tell when a contraction was happening . my baby was born really quickly in like ten minutes and within three or so contractions ! and i could feel no pain but i could feel the weird feeling of him exiting my body ( it was trippy ) but i was happy because there was no pain at all :) something to consider also is that the epidural is like an iv drip , so it 's a continuous flow . and they give you a button to push if you want more drug in your system . so in that way , unless things happen too quickly , you can kind of control if you want to be super extra numb or not . i had to push the button like 4 times and keep topping myself off cause i would start to feel the pain creeping in after a while and i personally did n't want to feel anything so i would quickly push my button lol but yeah you have a certain control over how much medication you get , at least in my experience this is how it was :)
that just sounds like enabling with extra steps
my grandparents told me that if i ate all my crusts it would help me learn to whistle ! ! and to be honest i am a pretty good whistler .. how are your ends ?
do n't eat too much because you 'll get fat . but you 're not eating enough so you have to finish what you 're served . but also , no seconds if you 're really hungry . i 'm in my 30s with disordered eating and wish i was normal . i 'm so tired of waking up and not wanting to eat because of everything i was told . and feeling guilty for eating .
got a $ 10,000 bonus when i enlisted in the guard that i thought about putting on hold . i did n't , and the next year i received $ 6,000 less in financial aid than i had before . i 've worked hard for that bonus and put myself through hellish anxiety and a work environment that has made every other job feel like heaven on earth , and i 've seen almost none of it . the worst part is if i ever leave the army , i will most likely have to give it all back ... pre-taxes .
i almost relapsed the other day . so not great . it 's a combination of everything . it 's too much . my bf told me today that my lack of hope in the world is an opinion . it kind of cemented the fact that he does n't get it . he 's capable of picking and choosing what he cares about , and when he cares . i can't do that , never been able to . so yeah , i feel like shit . i can barely shower most days . sometimes an hour will go by and i can't really say what happened in that hour . i 'm just ... existing .
i grew up in the us but my family is greek .
i had nothing from my mother so anything i learnt was from tv / movies which covers probably all of these !
just lived through an f3 tornado . on the other hand , as there was nothing i could do but wait i didnt get very scared . got more scared when i heard my sister fall on my steps ( she is in her 60s and last close relative ) . as a 5 year old child being stopped by a policeman who thought id walked out of a store with a pair of shoes . having to perform a flute solo from memory in front of family and friends at a competition . sliding at about 50 mph into the side of a semitrailer at the end of an icy bridge and hanging suspended by the seatbelt while i watched the window crack apart in slomo was scary . having my dad in hospital for major heart attack . finding my mom after a major stroke . live long enough and you will accumulate a few . makes the rest of life more meaningful .
i think boobs sitting in your lap is a good indicator . ( joking .. but truly , i have tattoos on my ribs which used to curve under the breast and they 're half covered now . sigh . )
the first bit sounds scary . i am glad you are doing well now and had people to talk to about it with . thanks for sharing !
fuck them . you go low , i 'll see you in hades .
i feel this one . specifically after i had a little " glow up " . the same boys that picked on me in highschool were sliding into my dm 's like " i never realized how sexy redheads are " " god you 're so beautiful * for a readhead * " or " i 've never f * * * ed a redhead " . like , cool story ? keep up that banter and you never will .
i hope this is n't just way too much to say but my mom 's side of the family ( from the philippines ) swore that if you apply your first menstrual blood to your face , you will never break out . and no , i never did it bc ewwww
tanning booth will help cure acne
yes . when i was a baby my mom randomly put my husband 's initials above my crib . no particular reason she just liked the decor she found at a garage sale even though the letters were n't my name . i personally believe in reincarnation and have always felt easy and like i 've known him forever since i met him .
my ance has finally gone away at 32 . the thing i did differently ? i birthed a baby ... definitely hormonal !
my family told me to rub it on my body so the acid would make me thinner ? ? ?
not finishing high school , i finally got my ged at age 30 and i 'm starting college next month at age 40 . children , a bad marriage , and life got in the way .
no . we discussed our boundaries early on in our relationship . it makes me uncomfortable to think about women grinding on my husband , and vice versa . not saying anything against people that are cool with that . but for me i 'm not cool with it , and he 's not either , so it 's not happening .
currently i have corona and that 's not so nice , but in general i feel great and my life has never been better .
the midnight library by matt haig . honestly changed my perception on how i view my failures and disappointments / regrets in life .
dish soap as a spot treatment for breakouts , alcohol for toner , st ives , i could go on and on
witch hazel is extremely drying and not in a good way . when used undiluted it damages the acid mantle and makes the skin prone to irritation and inflammation , especially if not followed with a moisturizer . it can cause the skin to respond by producing more oil
when everyone ( about 10 + ) pitch in to buy a book for me to study . the book cost about $ 200 excluding shipping and what not . i told them i was looking for it but was n't sure if it 'll help , if the library had it then i could at least flip through it and decide . that friend who gathered everyone to pitch in , bought the book and dropped it off after work ( he arrived at my house at 1230am ) . i 've been trying to pass this one exam for years and constantly fail . i wo n't forget this memory and when that friend said " we do n't know what to do or how to help you but if this book helps you get an extra point then great ! " i cried . during that time my ex broke up with me after a decade and not once did he do something thoughtful like what my friends did .
glasses . i 'm practically blind without them and no , just because i have straight hair and wear glasses does n't mean i 'm mia khalifa .
coming up on 10yrs ago for me . was 8wks 4days along , just under the 9wk mark so i was given the pills . and vicodin . for me it hurt like the mother of all cramps , passed lemon sized clots , the whole bit . no infections , no complications . emotionally i was pretty wrecked by the experience .. but i had some residual religion issues at the time and very little in the way of understanding how my reproductive system worked . atm i 'm happily married with the partner i originally got pregnant with all those years ago and i 'm holding my sleeping 16 month old . it was n't my favorite decision by any means , but i do n't regret it . our life was n't ready for that , and we had been together for over a year with no oopsies so it was n't just sperm roulette . and ive since had three friends confide in me that they were getting or had gotten one and was able to talk with them about it which did us good .
no , i 'm getting burnt out .
he broke my heart viciously and then claimed he still wanted to be friends after i almost legitimately died of heartbreak . moved away to college in another state and hope to be far more happy and successful than he will ever be . hint : i 'm already succeeding by even going to college .
i try not to feel guilty about my pleasure , but pimple popping videos .
black
i hate unwanted acne advice from people who have * never * had chronic acne . like shut the fuck up :weary_face: i was on oral bc but just recently got off it bc of the many horrible side effects . i was on it for about 4 years . my hormonal acne is slowly coming back i think ( * so sad * ) but i read that taking zinc supplements is really good for hormonal acne ! especially after coming off the pill ... im gunna try it asap , maybe it 'll help you ?
only if i get to go too !
biting off dry skin from my lips while walking in public in a 100 % non sexy way ! i was only 15 and got harassed :angry_face:
i was going for more sounds painful ! ! lol but yes gross is an understatement sometimes . :woozy_face:
he should have daughters .
i am glad you are out of the relationship now ! thanks for sharing your story ! :red_heart:
the color of my hair ever since i was a child
i was literally trying to decide which of these to put as my answer , but you knocked them all out of the ballpark for the not-naturally-clear-skinned adult . ok maybe i 'll one : toothpaste . wtf ? that 's just going to burn you skin . all of it . just , it can all choke on a big dick . i also have rosacea so that makes it even more tricky . i had a friend with such perfect skin that she 'd forget to wash her face for days and they 're still glowing . then i 'd hear her complain about her one , i repeat one , pimple that comes for the year . i could 've slapped her right then and there
i honestly do n't know if it 's my lsat . i got a 170 , and today , i saw someone with a 3.99 and a 174 get waitlisted at the school in question ( but that person got into harvard , sooo ) . i do n't know . maybe it is more so the fact that they did n't think i 'd fit in with the culture of the school ? i really do n't know . i have ties to the area ( my grandma lives in a memory care facility nearby , aunt and uncle live in the city of the university and are both employed by the school etc ) . i honestly do n't know if it 's my lsat . i got a 170 , and today , i saw someone with a 3.99 and a 174 get waitlisted at the school in question ( but that person got into harvard , sooo ) . i do n't know . maybe it is more so the fact that they did n't think i 'd fit in with the culture of the school ? i really do n't know . i have ties to the area ( my grandma lives in a memory care facility nearby , aunt and uncle live in the city of the university and are both employed by the school , etc ) .
put toothpaste on your moles to get rid of them
people do all kinds of gross things .
it 's probably because ( in the us ) , psych / sociology are almost the " default " college majors for 18 - year olds who go to college with no idea of what they want to do , and many of those entry level corporate jobs require a bachelor 's degree but do n't care which subject it 's in . we now have massive shortages of workers in almost every field here , but it 's still as difficult as ever for an individual to find a job that does n't suck .
i 'm indian and black people at work always touch my hair . or always talk about how nice it is . and watch me when i tie it up or something . it 's so freakin annoying and weird . i feel if the races were reversed , they 'd make a huge issue of it
reading these answers cause now i 'm sad . damn guys :(
i chose a crappy college . scammy online one .
i would n't support that idea , but seeking sexual entertainment outside of our relationship is something we 've both agreed is a no-go situation .
yes . if he wanted to . he and i have gone together as well .
not going to college sooner than i did . next to that , keeping bad friends around who did nothing to help me elevate
i 've birthed 3 vaginally ... # 1 drugs , # 2 no drugs ( no choice ; no time ) , # 3 druggssss ! ! !
well never assume anything in a relationship .. be confident and bold enough to know why your partners choose to go with a concept
fair and lovely will get rid of my dark skin tone :clown_face:
used to get 3 hours in the day and 3 hours at night in high school . one time i accidentally got a full night and realized i was n't actually dumb , i just did n't get enough sleep ... then i proceeded to change nothing until years later when i was no longer capable of functioning without adequate sleep .
cbd and / or thc can be a lifesaver for migraines if you have n't looked into those .
i 've know narcissists who 've had good childhoods , who just like to hurt people for pleasure !
ofc
i had two over the period of an abusive relationship where he would intentionally sabotage my bc to get me pregnant . he fully admitted to it after we broke up because anytime i 'd get any sort of independence he was scared i would leave him . i dont have any physical side effects but i do occasionally wonder what they would have been like . it 's a strange feeling . knowing i did the right thing for my situation but still feeling sad about the loss of what could have been .
i deleted my social media and they found out where i lived and wrote me a letter with their number attached . i met my online friend for the first time on the day before her 17th bday and i spent her birthday with her , watching her open presents . the fact she wanted me there on such a big occasion .
unfortunately the only source i 've got offhand is personal experience . i might be able to look into finding some later though . if she 's not washing her face i would recommend to her that she look up proper skincare routines for people with acne because no washing is absolutely not the way to go , as i 'm sure you know already .
bojack horseman
everytime i moved up in life she either started drama or talked behind my back . now that rekindled our " friendship " after so many years she has my number , but never text but she 's always the first to stalk my social media stories . it makes my day knowing where she 's at in life and how green she must be of envy
i 'm afab but identify as non-binary and am still having issues with my identity . my ex changed his sexuality overnight ... i still think it was just and excuse so he did n't have to give me a reason why . because it took me 7 years of battling with myself and seeking support from my friends to even come close to terms with it . he said “ it 's not that you are n't enough its because you are n't a guy ” that did wonders for my gender dysphoria lemme tell you what . he honestly changed overnight and randomly just broke it off . in a very sudden and painful way . do n't want to go through the whole thing . if you wanna know the full story i 've posted it somewhere . just look at my profile . long story short he groomed me as a minor , used me , and almost made me kms in the process .
mostly crap . sometimes great . too much thinking of what could have been , should have been done differently . * sigh *
* is it interfering with your job , your relationships , or other aspects of your life ? * are you doing it in situations where it 's not appropriate ( i . e . edibles at work ) ? * are you doing it before you get behind the wheel , or make critical decisions ? * are you spending the majority of your time stoned out of your mind ? * are you using it as a substitute for therapy or otherwise facing your problems ? if the answer to these questions is " no , " then have at it .
thanks for sharing your story ! :)
many nursing schools offer 12-16 month programs for individuals who have a bachelors :)
there are lots of ways to learn outside of formal education , in fact the education that you can get from formal institutions can be very limited . you can always listen to podcasts , read , take moocs , and research topics that interest you in your free time . you can also learn things through experience that you could never learn from formal education , and no , i 'm not just talking about work experience , though that too .
letting my parents bully me into being a mom for my two youngest siblings and not going to college after high school because of it . i was 11 when my brother was born , 15 when my sister was born . my mom literally gave birth to two more kids and just left me with them , saying she needed to live in the city which was only 45min away so that she could work more hours . my dad just worked and slept . i was 11 , biking to the nearest store for formula and diapers . my parents lied to counselors in hs to force them to give me independent studies in order to be home to take care of my siblings . my dad bullied me out of attending the university i was accepted to because he said being a teacher is worthless and that i did n't have the means to go anyways .
lol also same ! sometimes i feel like i 'm the only one who is n't living my best life . that 's what we often see online !
he still needs to be avoided . it 's not my job to fix broken people . ( something i learned after years of trying to help broken people . )
i generally do n't really care about the use of weed but i find it very unattractive if they can't go without it .
i know you said you 've tried everything but just in case you have n't tried retin-a i wanted to recommend it . ive struggled with hormonal acne my entire adult life . went to the dermatologist for botox and he asked if i wanted something for my acne . i figured what the heck , and it has completely changed my skin !
that 's a brief description , but gives me a very menacing / foreboding feeling just reading the sentence .
watch cartoons , i just finished studying animation and my love for them grew like crazy :d
petting the soft floppy ears gives me so much serotonin
ew feisty is a gross word to describe a person
my double major in criminal justice and anthropology got me a job working for a title insurance company that does n't require a degree ... at least i had fun in college but not $ 30,000 worth of fun
thank you for sharing !
thanks for sharing !
using products and having a routine is the way to go for curly hair . brushing is only for wet hair
thank you for sharing you story !
using products and having a routine is the way to go for curly hair . brushing is only for wet hair
yeah that 's the average . i do n't remember exactly but around there .
“ awww it 's so tiny ! ”
it 's going well . i 've worked hard the last year to just make peace in my life , eliminating bad friendships , have a stable job , a healthy relationship , and two for babies i snuggle with every night . :)
i 'm sorry but the wholesome award is all i had . i know it is n't wholesome but your words are powerful and important and i wanted to recognize them . punching down is n't funny . punching down on women , on chronic illness is n't funny . will smith chose a poor reaction but that was lizard brain in action fight / flight . he could have handled it much better without violence and aggression but i guess it 's opened a huge conversation which at the root of it is that comedy that is punching down on vulnerable people and minorities is n't comedy . it is n't funny . it 's sanctioned meanness , which often crosses the line to sexism , misogyny , racism , classism , ableism , ageism . picking on vulnerable people is n't funny . it 's also lazy comedy . the whole thing is a mess . both are in the wrong . it 's brought up uncomfortable issues . violence in this situation was n't the right move . making a joke at the expense of a woman of colour experiencing a health issue which leaves them feeling seriously vulnerable ( overlay the whole sensitivity around woc and hair ) was the wrong note to hit and i hope in future this might trigger more thought being given to ‘ is this funny or is this a cheap laugh that further demeans and marginalizes an already oppressed group ? '
i think the joke was n't funny at all and was one of those " if it has to be explained to you " jokes . i think that will smith should n't never have assaulted chris rock over it , and should be held responsible for his actions .
also poland is a sad example of this
i 'm sure your first sentence is what is getting you the most negative feedback . " to be fair " makes it seem like you are saying that early women in tech were n't reallllly in tech and that women were not real programmers back then .
so maybe stop doing it ? hurting people for fun is wrong and not funny .
most men do n't talk to me if i 'm wearing dark colored lipstick . and if they do , it 's in a more respectful tone .
:raising_hands: preach !
yes ! op grab yourself some tracksuit pants , get hard and send a photo of the print .
did you mean ridge wallet ? if so , i agree a hundred percent . i 've had a ridge wallet for years and it 's the best !
> toxic masculinity shut the fuck up . bad jokes , or violence for that matter are not exclusively masculine traits you jumped up cunt . get off your high horse .
that hitting me is n't “ an accident ” and quickly became a pattern . same goes for lying .
i carry a men 's wallet in my coat pocket along with my keys and blistex . in the summertime i just use the cards on my phone and hook my keys to the belt loop on my shorts . sometimes doing the dangerous thing by bringing a single loose credit card haha tbh though i usually just have a book bag , so i can put all my shit in there :p
that sex is n't the big deal i made it to be
that actually sounds good
i have n't explained to my family how sick i really am . i have several autoimmune issues and they are all merging into this manifestation and my doctors are doing whatever they can to control the symptoms . i even went as far as to lose a ton of weight so the meds work better ( some of the symptoms i have is weight gain even though i do n't eat much and exercise daily ) to many things are going on and i 'm ignoring the pain . i just keep moving forward so my husband and kids do n't know anything
caring and loving too much
but how do you keep your strength withoud food on those days ? idk if that made sense sorry i 'm not fluent but i hope you know what i mean
one day when i was taking my son to prek , he was determined to buckle himself into his car seat , despite having difficulties with his fine motor skills due to hypotonia ( chronic low muscle tone ) . so i sat in the front seat and patiently waited for him to buckle himself in . after a couple minutes of struggle , i heard him mutter , " goddammit . " i turned around . " excuse me ? " " nuffin ! " i was trying so hard not to laugh , though .
who were the women that invented computer programming ? i would like to learn about this .
credit for our discoveries and achievements
i think he was way out of line .
multiple reasons ... could never bring a human life into a world with such inequality and instability , do not have the financial stability to fully provide for a child and the general state of the global climate . oh and i teach , that 's enough .
zero . none . null .
love a good solicited print pic
for me , i do n't eat at all on those days , only drinking water . though if it 's too much , there are various forms of fasting . like you could not eat for 16 hours , 18 , or 20 , and there 's still benefits . you get a limited time frame for eating , so less calories for the day .
i mean just get hard than wear something that shows your print then take a picture ? i 'm not a guy but it seems self explanatory lol
full body , i 'm always turned on by context and by knowing it 's from the man i 'm seeing , and enjoying all his features .
hitting was overkill . i understand if he would have just shouted " keep my wifes name out of your f * cking mouth " , would have sent the message across .
i physically do n't have the means to take care of kids . i 'm chronically ill among other things , and would n't be able to be the parent i 'd want to be with my issues .
oh i 've got the confidence . just bad at angles and lighting ty again this helps a lot .
that i 'd end up marrying him . i would n't have put so much pressure onto myself to be perfect . eventually i 'd realise that he also is n't perfect , and we fit well together by being ourselves .
right from the get-go , because for the first 3 mos or so of his life , my son had a very confused , " wait have n't i been here before ? " look on his face . honestly , from the beginning , my son ( who will be 18 on friday ) has been so chill and laid back that he might as well be in a permanent horizontal position most of the time . he has his moments ( because autism + teenager ) but most of the time , he 's just chill af .
no . ehhhh .
wish i could have heard the conversation that ensued off camera :face_with_tears_of_joy:
i do n't - they 're all idiots and i can't be bothered .
no it 's very healthy , actually .
wait . if a women got pregnant and she wanted to keep the child , men would n't allow her to ? did all men take away reproductive rights ?
that i was just her experiment .
you can't possibly be arguing that the medicalisation of the birthing process is n't one of the greatest things we 've done a species can you ? the infant mortality rate has dropped from ~ 20 % less than 0.1 % since 1750 . also , midwifery as an industry is 98 % + female . so i have no idea what the fuck you 're on about here , men did n't steal shit away from women in this regard , they made the process much more comfortable and immensely more safe than it was when it was unmedicalised .
i hope to be someone who would stand up for me like that if someone tried to trash me . not violently , but vocally .
staged
the people i 've know have gone * all * put then . but still 30k for a wedding ? god no haha
i agree . he went all caveman as a way to come out on top , and it was awful . i 've seen a lot of comments online saying how he was simply defending his wife , but honestly , she can express herself without that .
some recipients of your image would appreciate a forest . it 's all in the confidence , angles and lighting .
nerd alert ! wee-woo wee woo ! nerd alert ! ! !
fruit , diet dr pepper and cheese .
hello angryno 0dle . thank you for participating in / r / askwomen . however , your submission has been removed , because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions . you can always go to / r / askwomenadvice , / r / relationships for romantic / non-romantic relationship advice , / r / legaladvice for legal advice , / r / femalefashionadvice for fashion advice , / r / skincareaddiction for skin care advice , or / r / findareddit if you dont know where else to go . please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to . if you think you received this message in error , copy & paste a link your post & [ click here to contact modmail . ] ( HTTPURL ) . please include the reason you are contesting this post and a link to your message . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
plant milk , fruit juice , margarine .
mostly ok . but it takes a lot of work to keep it that way .
imagine if amy schumer would have made that joke . or ali wong . or sarah silverman
sports .
most people spend like 20 to 30k on a wedding ( in the us ) . still a lot but not hundreds of thousands lol .
when you say fasting do you mean like on those days you do n't eat at all , just drink , or you do eat something ?
will smith showed some very poor judgement , and was probably started by something going on in his personal life rather than the joke itself ( he initially laughed , then saw his wife look aggravated ) . it 's ridiculous to assault a comedian while he 's working . moreso if you 're in show business . it 's also ridiculous to think jada needs _him_ yo defend her from a joke . she has mouth and a big enough platform to do whatever . chris rock should sue . i wonder if ricky gervais will ever consider hosting again :d
my gf got us a five gallon office water cooler and it has been hands down the best purchase of my life
yeah i 'm like an emotional iceberg , that suddenly withdraws or starts something to get rid of people . i 've been told im emotionally unavailable in relasionships ( and even friendships ) . to be fair they are right . is just the way i am . i stopped dating several years ago as a result , i 'm not a good person to date and do n't really like relasionships anyway so it works for me .
see that 's one thing i have no idea how to do . but i 'll note it down thank you
guess that 's me . i 'm the type of person who will be really into someone until they reciprocate , preferably someone who 's already unobtainable . i 've ignored that change of heart a few times and dated people i felt i had to give a chance . i always felt guilty for not being as loving , but trying to be loving felt very performative and forced . i also have a pretty avoidant attached style in general . i just do n't trust people will like me if i was myself . i have some very bad habits when it comes to confrontation . even though im aware of them , it 's so hard not being that way when it comes down to it .
i 've done it once for 12 years . i do n't need a piece of paper to show my love and commitment to someone .
white ppl in this thread exposing themselves lmfaoo
i think the difference is that as women we are taught that attention from strangers towards our bodies is a safety risk . i do n't think anyone dislikes being paid a genuine compliment but there is so often an underlying motive that we are distrustful of how that interaction could possibly go .
i do n't like weed :(
fun fact - trans people are n't taking away the word woman . we just do n't want trans men to be called women .
isnt that unhealthy ?
i prefer dick print pics to start , leaves more to the imagination
care to elaborate a bit ? by itself , this statement sounds a bit transphobic .
once did it to shrek wouldnt recommend lol
i only need my phone and my car keys . so i do n't really need a purse
a bit of both really . i think its sad we have to involve the state for a relationship to be recognised . but the fact someone wants to chose to love me every day and have that legally binding and in front of friends and family is still very romantic to me . there 's also practical benefits
i would but i got this beer gut that makes me look like five month pregnant wolverine . and it 's more of a snail forest :deciduous_tree:
tunic sweater with jeans and calf length boots in winter .
i worry too much that other people judge my parenting and my child 's behaviour
oh dude i totally forgot about just audio stuff . ooooo thank you for the reminder
a lot of these seem much more than pet peeves ... if people are insulting others constantly “ for a laugh ” or cutting them off to “ prove themselves ” ( rather than just cutting them off bc they do n't want to be friends ) , huuuuuuge red flag . the first i have experienced way too many times , it legitimately erodes your self esteem . it is serious imo .
my ex used to do this after we 'd had a night out . i loved it because music was a massive thing in our relationship and when he would sing it would be a song that meant something to us . no one else has ever had that affect .
i know lol i said that
just between you and me , it was enough toxic for me to like both of the men significantly more after the slap - will for not taking a joke that his wife did n't appreciate and chris for his absolute badassery and lack of fear
wore clothes that i like and probably look best on me.being on a chubbier side and from a conservative background i did n't even get chance to wear deep necks sleeveless or short or even mid length dresses .
starve yourself , essentially
he should be arrested and charged . it 's not like there is no proof he did it .
learning that was eye-opening . it 's amazing how much of our culture , of what we learn as children , originated in jealousy , hate , and propaganda . it 's just been one pathetic , multimillenia-long con to keep women subjugated .
being in love with someone and then not being able to be together .
honestly i do n't think it was even about her alopecia . look up gi jane if you have n't already .
what motivates me is having good music to workout to and also seeing how strong and lean some people are , inspires me to stick with it . like when i 'm not at the gym i use this app ( fiton ) for exercise and obviously the instructors are encouraging , but so is seeing their physiques . for diet , it can vary person to person . though you should limit or get rid of entirely , simple carbs like candy , chips , junk food in general really . maybe look into intermittent fasting . i 've been doing fasting every other day , ( for instance , i eat on mondays , fast tuesday , eat the next day and so on ) . i also make sure to have a calorie deficit when i do eat , so i 'm not just maintaining , but actually losing weight .
fannypacks baby ! ! ! ( tiny book bags if i wanna get fancy )
it 's this whole " i like you , we clicked very well , we had fun , it was amazing , but ... " mentality that makes me rethink my whole behavior and my whole personality to a certain extent .
yeah in australia i guess we 're generally more chill about non traditional things in general . you do n't even need to be married to get the perks of marriage , so taking your partner 's name is just a downright hassle .
write , run , talk , cry , lift heavy things ... all sorts .
he looks fun ... i 'm gonna go say hi
it 's the former but includes the latter . only get married if you could see yourself being the man forever , and have similar goals . you 'd be surprised by how many people get married for the wrong reasons .
two men stole the show at the expense of a woman 's appearance , sadly nothing out of the ordinary here .
waxing does n't increase / decrease your complexion but yes since you have hair on your face and dead skin cells so when you wax the hair dirt and dead skin cell are removed thus making you look a tone or 2 brighter .
standing up for your woman , 2 thumbs up . on live tv 2 thumbs down . getting an award and talking about being a vessel of love for 5 minutes and getting a standing ovation , hollywood is a fucking sespool .
i prefer videos , moaning and cumming are very much encouraged
they are actors , we will never know if it was true or not . man slaps another on live atv then gets best actor award . publicity stunt ? distraction method from something else ? true slap ? we 'll never know .
your comment has been removed because : your karma is too low to participate on askwomen . you will be able to participate when your karma has increased . * i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit ] ( / message / compose / ? to =/ r / askwomen ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
i assess how naked i am before walking down the stairs to the kitchen and scanning a qr code to stop my alarm and then i turn the kettle on and * then * i pee
breakfast foods in the morning before the sun has started to come up
yes , i have been on and off addicted to nicotine since high school . anything that gives me that rush of feeling good is really hard for me to say no to , so i do my best to stay conscious of it .
